question=['athens' 'greece' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['athens' 'greece' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['athens' 'greece' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['athens' 'greece' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['athens' 'greece' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['athens' 'greece' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['athens' 'greece' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['athens' 'greece' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['athens' 'greece' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['athens' 'greece' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['athens' 'greece' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['athens' 'greece' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['athens' 'greece' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['athens' 'greece' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['athens' 'greece' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['athens' 'greece' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['athens' 'greece' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'london' 'england'], predicted=england
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['beijing' 'china' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['beijing' 'china' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['beijing' 'china' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['beijing' 'china' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['beijing' 'china' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['beijing' 'china' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['beijing' 'china' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['beijing' 'china' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['beijing' 'china' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['beijing' 'china' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['beijing' 'china' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['beijing' 'china' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['beijing' 'china' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['beijing' 'china' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['beijing' 'china' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['beijing' 'china' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['beijing' 'china' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['beijing' 'china' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'london' 'england'], predicted=england
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'london' 'england'], predicted=england
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['london' 'england' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['london' 'england' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['london' 'england' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['london' 'england' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['london' 'england' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['london' 'england' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['london' 'england' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['london' 'england' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['london' 'england' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['london' 'england' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['london' 'england' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['london' 'england' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['london' 'england' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'london' 'england'], predicted=england
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'london' 'england'], predicted=england
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['paris' 'france' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['paris' 'france' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['paris' 'france' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['paris' 'france' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['paris' 'france' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['paris' 'france' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['paris' 'france' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['paris' 'france' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['paris' 'france' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['paris' 'france' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['paris' 'france' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['paris' 'france' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['paris' 'france' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['paris' 'france' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['paris' 'france' 'london' 'england'], predicted=england
question=['paris' 'france' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['paris' 'france' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['paris' 'france' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['paris' 'france' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['rome' 'italy' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['rome' 'italy' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['rome' 'italy' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['rome' 'italy' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['rome' 'italy' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['rome' 'italy' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['rome' 'italy' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['rome' 'italy' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['rome' 'italy' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['rome' 'italy' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['rome' 'italy' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['rome' 'italy' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['rome' 'italy' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['rome' 'italy' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['rome' 'italy' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['rome' 'italy' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['rome' 'italy' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['rome' 'italy' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['rome' 'italy' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'london' 'england'], predicted=england
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=algeria
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=eritrea
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=mali
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=serbia
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=romania
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=azerbaijan
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=serbia
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=guinea
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=serbia
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=romania
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=venezuela
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=serbia
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=guinea
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['athens' 'greece' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['athens' 'greece' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['athens' 'greece' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['athens' 'greece' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=serbia
question=['athens' 'greece' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['athens' 'greece' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['athens' 'greece' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['athens' 'greece' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['athens' 'greece' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['athens' 'greece' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['athens' 'greece' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['athens' 'greece' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['athens' 'greece' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['athens' 'greece' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['athens' 'greece' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['athens' 'greece' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['athens' 'greece' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['athens' 'greece' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=serbia
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=serbia
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=slovakia
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=romania
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=nepal
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['beijing' 'china' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=serbia
question=['beijing' 'china' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['beijing' 'china' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['beijing' 'china' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['beijing' 'china' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['beijing' 'china' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['beijing' 'china' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=venezuela
question=['beijing' 'china' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=guinea
question=['beijing' 'china' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['beijing' 'china' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['beijing' 'china' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['beijing' 'china' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['beijing' 'china' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['beijing' 'china' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['beijing' 'china' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['beijing' 'china' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['beijing' 'china' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=nepal
question=['beijing' 'china' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['beijing' 'china' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=jamaica
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=serbia
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=jamaica
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=slovakia
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=nepal
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=ukraine
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=guinea
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=nepal
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=jamaica
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=venezuela
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=senegal
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=romania
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=venezuela
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=nepal
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=ukraine
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=jamaica
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=venezuela
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=qatar
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=ukraine
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=jamaica
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=nepal
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=jamaica
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=peru
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=botswana
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=jamaica
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=gabon
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=angola
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=venezuela
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=guinea
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=qatar
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=peru
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'london' 'england'], predicted=england
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=angola
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=qatar
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=jamaica
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=jamaica
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=mozambique
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=qatar
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=bahrain
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=belarus
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'london' 'england'], predicted=england
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=belarus
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=qatar
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=peru
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=angola
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=bahrain
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=belarus
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=somalia
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=ukraine
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=peru
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=angola
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=nepal
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=jamaica
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=angola
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=bahrain
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=belarus
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=angola
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=bahrain
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=belarus
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=oman
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=gabon
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=angola
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=bahrain
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=belarus
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=liberia
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=cyprus
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=jamaica
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=gabon
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=angola
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=zambia
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=jamaica
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=peru
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=liberia
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=belarus
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=liberia
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=cyprus
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=peru
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=angola
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=belarus
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=liberia
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=oman
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=ecuador
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=nepal
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=jamaica
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=angola
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=bahrain
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=liberia
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=oman
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=nepal
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=jamaica
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=bahrain
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=liberia
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=oman
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=cyprus
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=ecuador
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=latvia
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=peru
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=somalia
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=liberia
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=jamaica
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=angola
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=latvia
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=liberia
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=bahamas
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=cyprus
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=ecuador
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=chile
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=bahrain
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=liberia
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=macedonia
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=mozambique
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=liberia
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=cyprus
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=montenegro
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=macedonia
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['lima' 'peru' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['lima' 'peru' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['lima' 'peru' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=nicaragua
question=['lima' 'peru' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['lima' 'peru' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=liberia
question=['lima' 'peru' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['lima' 'peru' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['lima' 'peru' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['lima' 'peru' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['lima' 'peru' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['lima' 'peru' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=montenegro
question=['lima' 'peru' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=chile
question=['lima' 'peru' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['lima' 'peru' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['lima' 'peru' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['lima' 'peru' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'london' 'england'], predicted=england
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=bahrain
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=liberia
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=cyprus
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=ecuador
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=morocco
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=latvia
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['london' 'england' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['london' 'england' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['london' 'england' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['london' 'england' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['london' 'england' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['london' 'england' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['london' 'england' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['london' 'england' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['london' 'england' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=bahrain
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=belarus
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=belarus
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=latvia
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=oman
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=cyprus
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=bahrain
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=belarus
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=liberia
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=oman
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=honduras
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=belarus
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=oman
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=ecuador
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=belarus
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=liberia
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=ecuador
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=morocco
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=macedonia
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=liechtenstein
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=cyprus
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=ecuador
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=morocco
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=chile
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=uzbekistan
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=oman
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=cyprus
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=greenland
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=ecuador
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=uzbekistan
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=cyprus
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=ecuador
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=latvia
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=chile
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=macedonia
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=honduras
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=libya
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=laos
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=uzbekistan
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=ecuador
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=latvia
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=cyprus
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=latvia
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=chile
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=libya
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=laos
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=ecuador
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=latvia
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=ecuador
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=latvia
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=malta
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=lithuania
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=macedonia
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=lithuania
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=algeria
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=ecuador
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=macedonia
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=lithuania
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['paris' 'france' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['paris' 'france' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['paris' 'france' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['paris' 'france' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['paris' 'france' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['paris' 'france' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['paris' 'france' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['paris' 'france' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['paris' 'france' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['paris' 'france' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=ecuador
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=malta
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=lithuania
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=eritrea
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=latvia
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=chile
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=libya
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=algeria
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=macedonia
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=albania
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=liechtenstein
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=laos
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=lithuania
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=algeria
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=madagascar
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=libya
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=liechtenstein
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=laos
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=lithuania
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=algeria
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=eritrea
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['rome' 'italy' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['rome' 'italy' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['rome' 'italy' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['rome' 'italy' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['rome' 'italy' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['rome' 'italy' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['rome' 'italy' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['rome' 'italy' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['rome' 'italy' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['rome' 'italy' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=laos
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=lithuania
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=macedonia
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=lithuania
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=algeria
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=libya
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=liechtenstein
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=laos
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=lithuania
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=madagascar
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=eritrea
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=uzbekistan
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=laos
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=lithuania
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=algeria
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=eritrea
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=algeria
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=serbia
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=lithuania
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=algeria
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=eritrea
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=serbia
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=algeria
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=serbia
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=laos
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=lithuania
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=serbia
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=eritrea
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=serbia
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=lithuania
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=algeria
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=eritrea
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=serbia
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=serbia
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=laos
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=lithuania
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=eritrea
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=serbia
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=lithuania
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=algeria
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=serbia
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=romania
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=malta
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=laos
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=lithuania
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=madagascar
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=eritrea
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=serbia
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=lithuania
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=madagascar
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=serbia
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=algeria
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=serbia
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=madagascar
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=eritrea
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=serbia
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=venezuela
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=guinea
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=serbia
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=slovakia
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=venezuela
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=algeria
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=eritrea
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=azerbaijan
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=serbia
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=guinea
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=eritrea
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['algeria' 'dinar' 'argentina' 'peso'], predicted=peso
question=['algeria' 'dinar' 'denmark' 'krone'], predicted=krone
question=['algeria' 'dinar' 'india' 'rupee'], predicted=rupee
question=['algeria' 'dinar' 'iran' 'rial'], predicted=rial
question=['algeria' 'dinar' 'lithuania' 'litas'], predicted=litas
question=['angola' 'kwanza' 'denmark' 'krone'], predicted=krone
question=['angola' 'kwanza' 'iran' 'rial'], predicted=rial
question=['angola' 'kwanza' 'sweden' 'krona'], predicted=krona
question=['argentina' 'peso' 'croatia' 'kuna'], predicted=kuna
question=['argentina' 'peso' 'denmark' 'krone'], predicted=krone
question=['argentina' 'peso' 'hungary' 'forint'], predicted=forint
question=['argentina' 'peso' 'lithuania' 'litas'], predicted=litas
question=['argentina' 'peso' 'malaysia' 'ringgit'], predicted=ringgit
question=['argentina' 'peso' 'sweden' 'krona'], predicted=krona
question=['bulgaria' 'lev' 'vietnam' 'dong'], predicted=dong
question=['canada' 'dollar' 'hungary' 'forint'], predicted=forint
question=['canada' 'dollar' 'india' 'rupee'], predicted=rupee
question=['canada' 'dollar' 'lithuania' 'litas'], predicted=litas
question=['canada' 'dollar' 'algeria' 'dinar'], predicted=dinar
question=['canada' 'dollar' 'argentina' 'peso'], predicted=peso
question=['croatia' 'kuna' 'denmark' 'krone'], predicted=krone
question=['croatia' 'kuna' 'hungary' 'forint'], predicted=forint
question=['croatia' 'kuna' 'india' 'rupee'], predicted=rupee
question=['croatia' 'kuna' 'lithuania' 'litas'], predicted=litas
question=['denmark' 'krone' 'hungary' 'forint'], predicted=forint
question=['denmark' 'krone' 'india' 'rupee'], predicted=rupee
question=['europe' 'euro' 'hungary' 'forint'], predicted=forint
question=['europe' 'euro' 'india' 'rupee'], predicted=rupee
question=['europe' 'euro' 'russia' 'ruble'], predicted=ruble
question=['europe' 'euro' 'denmark' 'krone'], predicted=krone
question=['hungary' 'forint' 'india' 'rupee'], predicted=rupee
question=['hungary' 'forint' 'poland' 'zloty'], predicted=zloty
question=['hungary' 'forint' 'russia' 'ruble'], predicted=ruble
question=['india' 'rupee' 'iran' 'rial'], predicted=rial
question=['india' 'rupee' 'russia' 'ruble'], predicted=ruble
question=['india' 'rupee' 'denmark' 'krone'], predicted=krone
question=['lithuania' 'litas' 'sweden' 'krona'], predicted=krona
question=['lithuania' 'litas' 'argentina' 'peso'], predicted=peso
question=['lithuania' 'litas' 'denmark' 'krone'], predicted=krone
question=['lithuania' 'litas' 'iran' 'rial'], predicted=rial
question=['malaysia' 'ringgit' 'sweden' 'krona'], predicted=krona
question=['malaysia' 'ringgit' 'hungary' 'forint'], predicted=forint
question=['mexico' 'peso' 'russia' 'ruble'], predicted=ruble
question=['mexico' 'peso' 'sweden' 'krona'], predicted=krona
question=['mexico' 'peso' 'algeria' 'dinar'], predicted=dinar
question=['mexico' 'peso' 'angola' 'kwanza'], predicted=kwanza
question=['mexico' 'peso' 'denmark' 'krone'], predicted=krone
question=['mexico' 'peso' 'hungary' 'forint'], predicted=forint
question=['mexico' 'peso' 'iran' 'rial'], predicted=rial
question=['mexico' 'peso' 'lithuania' 'litas'], predicted=litas
question=['poland' 'zloty' 'india' 'rupee'], predicted=rupee
question=['poland' 'zloty' 'iran' 'rial'], predicted=rial
question=['romania' 'leu' 'iran' 'rial'], predicted=rial
question=['russia' 'ruble' 'sweden' 'krona'], predicted=krona
question=['russia' 'ruble' 'argentina' 'peso'], predicted=peso
question=['russia' 'ruble' 'hungary' 'forint'], predicted=forint
question=['russia' 'ruble' 'india' 'rupee'], predicted=rupee
question=['russia' 'ruble' 'iran' 'rial'], predicted=rial
question=['russia' 'ruble' 'lithuania' 'litas'], predicted=litas
question=['russia' 'ruble' 'mexico' 'peso'], predicted=peso
question=['russia' 'ruble' 'romania' 'leu'], predicted=leu
question=['sweden' 'krona' 'angola' 'kwanza'], predicted=kwanza
question=['sweden' 'krona' 'argentina' 'peso'], predicted=peso
question=['sweden' 'krona' 'iran' 'rial'], predicted=rial
question=['sweden' 'krona' 'lithuania' 'litas'], predicted=litas
question=['sweden' 'krona' 'mexico' 'peso'], predicted=peso
question=['sweden' 'krona' 'russia' 'ruble'], predicted=ruble
question=['usa' 'dollar' 'argentina' 'peso'], predicted=peso
question=['usa' 'dollar' 'europe' 'euro'], predicted=euro
question=['usa' 'dollar' 'hungary' 'forint'], predicted=forint
question=['usa' 'dollar' 'lithuania' 'litas'], predicted=litas
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=indiana
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['houston' 'texas' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['houston' 'texas' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['houston' 'texas' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['houston' 'texas' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['houston' 'texas' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['houston' 'texas' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['houston' 'texas' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['houston' 'texas' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['houston' 'texas' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['houston' 'texas' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['houston' 'texas' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['houston' 'texas' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['houston' 'texas' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['houston' 'texas' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=georgia
question=['houston' 'texas' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['houston' 'texas' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['houston' 'texas' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['houston' 'texas' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['houston' 'texas' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['houston' 'texas' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['houston' 'texas' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['houston' 'texas' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['houston' 'texas' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['houston' 'texas' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=indiana
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=georgia
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=indiana
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=georgia
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['austin' 'texas' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['austin' 'texas' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['austin' 'texas' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=washington
question=['austin' 'texas' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['austin' 'texas' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['austin' 'texas' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['austin' 'texas' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['austin' 'texas' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['austin' 'texas' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['austin' 'texas' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['austin' 'texas' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['austin' 'texas' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['austin' 'texas' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['austin' 'texas' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['austin' 'texas' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=washington
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=washington
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=georgia
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=georgia
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=georgia
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=kansas
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['fresno' 'california' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['fresno' 'california' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['fresno' 'california' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['fresno' 'california' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['fresno' 'california' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['fresno' 'california' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['fresno' 'california' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['fresno' 'california' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['fresno' 'california' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['fresno' 'california' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['fresno' 'california' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=georgia
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=kansas
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['miami' 'florida' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['miami' 'florida' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['miami' 'florida' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['miami' 'florida' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['miami' 'florida' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['miami' 'florida' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['miami' 'florida' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['miami' 'florida' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['miami' 'florida' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['miami' 'florida' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=louisiana
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=kansas
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['oakland' 'california' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['oakland' 'california' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['oakland' 'california' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['oakland' 'california' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['oakland' 'california' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['oakland' 'california' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['oakland' 'california' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['oakland' 'california' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['oakland' 'california' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['oakland' 'california' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=indiana
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=indiana
question=['stockton' 'california' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['stockton' 'california' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['stockton' 'california' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['stockton' 'california' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['stockton' 'california' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['stockton' 'california' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['stockton' 'california' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=louisiana
question=['stockton' 'california' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['stockton' 'california' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['stockton' 'california' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['stockton' 'california' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['stockton' 'california' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['stockton' 'california' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['stockton' 'california' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['stockton' 'california' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['stockton' 'california' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['stockton' 'california' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=indiana
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=indiana
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=indiana
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=washington
question=['plano' 'texas' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['plano' 'texas' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['plano' 'texas' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['plano' 'texas' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['plano' 'texas' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['plano' 'texas' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['plano' 'texas' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['plano' 'texas' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=louisiana
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=washington
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=washington
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['garland' 'texas' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['garland' 'texas' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['garland' 'texas' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['garland' 'texas' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['garland' 'texas' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['garland' 'texas' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['garland' 'texas' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['garland' 'texas' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['garland' 'texas' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=louisiana
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=georgia
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['irving' 'texas' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['irving' 'texas' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['irving' 'texas' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['irving' 'texas' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['irving' 'texas' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['irving' 'texas' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['irving' 'texas' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['irving' 'texas' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['irving' 'texas' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['irving' 'texas' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['irving' 'texas' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['irving' 'texas' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['fremont' 'california' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['fremont' 'california' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['fremont' 'california' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['fremont' 'california' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['fremont' 'california' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['fremont' 'california' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['fremont' 'california' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['fremont' 'california' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['fremont' 'california' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['fremont' 'california' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=indiana
question=['fremont' 'california' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['fremont' 'california' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['fremont' 'california' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['fremont' 'california' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['fremont' 'california' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['fremont' 'california' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['fremont' 'california' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['fremont' 'california' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['fremont' 'california' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['irvine' 'california' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['irvine' 'california' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['irvine' 'california' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['irvine' 'california' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['irvine' 'california' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['irvine' 'california' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['irvine' 'california' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['irvine' 'california' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['irvine' 'california' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['irvine' 'california' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['irvine' 'california' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['irvine' 'california' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['irvine' 'california' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['irvine' 'california' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['irvine' 'california' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['irvine' 'california' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=georgia
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['modesto' 'california' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['modesto' 'california' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['modesto' 'california' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['modesto' 'california' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['modesto' 'california' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['modesto' 'california' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['modesto' 'california' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['modesto' 'california' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['modesto' 'california' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['modesto' 'california' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['modesto' 'california' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['modesto' 'california' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['modesto' 'california' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['modesto' 'california' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['modesto' 'california' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['modesto' 'california' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['modesto' 'california' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['modesto' 'california' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['modesto' 'california' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=georgia
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=georgia
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['fontana' 'california' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['fontana' 'california' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['fontana' 'california' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['fontana' 'california' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['fontana' 'california' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['fontana' 'california' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['fontana' 'california' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['fontana' 'california' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['fontana' 'california' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=indiana
question=['fontana' 'california' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['fontana' 'california' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['fontana' 'california' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['fontana' 'california' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['fontana' 'california' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['fontana' 'california' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['fontana' 'california' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['fontana' 'california' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['fontana' 'california' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['fontana' 'california' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['fontana' 'california' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['fontana' 'california' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['fontana' 'california' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=indiana
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=washington
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=kansas
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['glendale' 'california' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['glendale' 'california' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['glendale' 'california' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['glendale' 'california' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['glendale' 'california' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['glendale' 'california' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['glendale' 'california' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['glendale' 'california' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['glendale' 'california' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['glendale' 'california' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['glendale' 'california' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['glendale' 'california' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['glendale' 'california' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['glendale' 'california' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['glendale' 'california' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['glendale' 'california' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['glendale' 'california' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['glendale' 'california' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['glendale' 'california' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['glendale' 'california' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['glendale' 'california' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=indiana
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=indiana
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=georgia
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['boy' 'girl' 'brother' 'sister'], predicted=sister
question=['boy' 'girl' 'brothers' 'sisters'], predicted=sisters
question=['boy' 'girl' 'father' 'mother'], predicted=mother
question=['boy' 'girl' 'groom' 'bride'], predicted=bride
question=['boy' 'girl' 'he' 'she'], predicted=she
question=['boy' 'girl' 'his' 'her'], predicted=her
question=['boy' 'girl' 'husband' 'wife'], predicted=wife
question=['boy' 'girl' 'king' 'queen'], predicted=queen
question=['boy' 'girl' 'man' 'woman'], predicted=woman
question=['boy' 'girl' 'son' 'daughter'], predicted=daughter
question=['boy' 'girl' 'sons' 'daughters'], predicted=daughters
question=['boy' 'girl' 'uncle' 'aunt'], predicted=aunt
question=['brother' 'sister' 'brothers' 'sisters'], predicted=sisters
question=['brother' 'sister' 'father' 'mother'], predicted=mother
question=['brother' 'sister' 'he' 'she'], predicted=she
question=['brother' 'sister' 'his' 'her'], predicted=her
question=['brother' 'sister' 'king' 'queen'], predicted=queen
question=['brother' 'sister' 'prince' 'princess'], predicted=princess
question=['brother' 'sister' 'son' 'daughter'], predicted=daughter
question=['brother' 'sister' 'sons' 'daughters'], predicted=daughters
question=['brother' 'sister' 'boy' 'girl'], predicted=girl
question=['brothers' 'sisters' 'father' 'mother'], predicted=mother
question=['brothers' 'sisters' 'he' 'she'], predicted=she
question=['brothers' 'sisters' 'his' 'her'], predicted=her
question=['brothers' 'sisters' 'king' 'queen'], predicted=queen
question=['brothers' 'sisters' 'man' 'woman'], predicted=woman
question=['brothers' 'sisters' 'prince' 'princess'], predicted=princess
question=['brothers' 'sisters' 'son' 'daughter'], predicted=daughter
question=['brothers' 'sisters' 'sons' 'daughters'], predicted=daughters
question=['brothers' 'sisters' 'uncle' 'aunt'], predicted=aunt
question=['brothers' 'sisters' 'brother' 'sister'], predicted=sister
question=['dad' 'mom' 'father' 'mother'], predicted=mother
question=['dad' 'mom' 'he' 'she'], predicted=she
question=['dad' 'mom' 'husband' 'wife'], predicted=wife
question=['dad' 'mom' 'man' 'woman'], predicted=woman
question=['dad' 'mom' 'son' 'daughter'], predicted=daughter
question=['father' 'mother' 'grandfather' 'grandmother'], predicted=grandmother
question=['father' 'mother' 'grandson' 'granddaughter'], predicted=granddaughter
question=['father' 'mother' 'he' 'she'], predicted=she
question=['father' 'mother' 'husband' 'wife'], predicted=wife
question=['father' 'mother' 'king' 'queen'], predicted=queen
question=['father' 'mother' 'man' 'woman'], predicted=woman
question=['father' 'mother' 'prince' 'princess'], predicted=princess
question=['father' 'mother' 'son' 'daughter'], predicted=daughter
question=['father' 'mother' 'sons' 'daughters'], predicted=daughters
question=['father' 'mother' 'uncle' 'aunt'], predicted=aunt
question=['father' 'mother' 'boy' 'girl'], predicted=girl
question=['father' 'mother' 'brother' 'sister'], predicted=sister
question=['father' 'mother' 'brothers' 'sisters'], predicted=sisters
question=['father' 'mother' 'dad' 'mom'], predicted=mom
question=['grandfather' 'grandmother' 'he' 'she'], predicted=she
question=['grandfather' 'grandmother' 'husband' 'wife'], predicted=wife
question=['grandfather' 'grandmother' 'man' 'woman'], predicted=woman
question=['grandfather' 'grandmother' 'son' 'daughter'], predicted=daughter
question=['grandfather' 'grandmother' 'sons' 'daughters'], predicted=daughters
question=['grandfather' 'grandmother' 'boy' 'girl'], predicted=girl
question=['grandfather' 'grandmother' 'brother' 'sister'], predicted=sister
question=['grandfather' 'grandmother' 'father' 'mother'], predicted=mother
question=['grandpa' 'grandma' 'he' 'she'], predicted=she
question=['grandpa' 'grandma' 'husband' 'wife'], predicted=wife
question=['grandpa' 'grandma' 'father' 'mother'], predicted=mother
question=['grandpa' 'grandma' 'grandfather' 'grandmother'], predicted=grandmother
question=['grandson' 'granddaughter' 'he' 'she'], predicted=she
question=['grandson' 'granddaughter' 'his' 'her'], predicted=her
question=['grandson' 'granddaughter' 'husband' 'wife'], predicted=wife
question=['grandson' 'granddaughter' 'king' 'queen'], predicted=queen
question=['grandson' 'granddaughter' 'man' 'woman'], predicted=woman
question=['grandson' 'granddaughter' 'son' 'daughter'], predicted=daughter
question=['grandson' 'granddaughter' 'sons' 'daughters'], predicted=daughters
question=['grandson' 'granddaughter' 'boy' 'girl'], predicted=girl
question=['grandson' 'granddaughter' 'brothers' 'sisters'], predicted=sisters
question=['grandson' 'granddaughter' 'father' 'mother'], predicted=mother
question=['grandson' 'granddaughter' 'grandfather' 'grandmother'], predicted=grandmother
question=['groom' 'bride' 'he' 'she'], predicted=she
question=['groom' 'bride' 'husband' 'wife'], predicted=wife
question=['groom' 'bride' 'son' 'daughter'], predicted=daughter
question=['groom' 'bride' 'boy' 'girl'], predicted=girl
question=['groom' 'bride' 'father' 'mother'], predicted=mother
question=['he' 'she' 'his' 'her'], predicted=her
question=['he' 'she' 'king' 'queen'], predicted=queen
question=['he' 'she' 'man' 'woman'], predicted=woman
question=['he' 'she' 'prince' 'princess'], predicted=princess
question=['he' 'she' 'son' 'daughter'], predicted=daughter
question=['he' 'she' 'sons' 'daughters'], predicted=daughters
question=['he' 'she' 'boy' 'girl'], predicted=girl
question=['he' 'she' 'brothers' 'sisters'], predicted=sisters
question=['he' 'she' 'father' 'mother'], predicted=mother
question=['he' 'she' 'grandfather' 'grandmother'], predicted=grandmother
question=['he' 'she' 'groom' 'bride'], predicted=bride
question=['his' 'her' 'husband' 'wife'], predicted=wife
question=['his' 'her' 'king' 'queen'], predicted=queen
question=['his' 'her' 'man' 'woman'], predicted=woman
question=['his' 'her' 'nephew' 'niece'], predicted=niece
question=['his' 'her' 'prince' 'princess'], predicted=princess
question=['his' 'her' 'son' 'daughter'], predicted=daughter
question=['his' 'her' 'sons' 'daughters'], predicted=daughters
question=['his' 'her' 'boy' 'girl'], predicted=girl
question=['his' 'her' 'brother' 'sister'], predicted=sister
question=['his' 'her' 'brothers' 'sisters'], predicted=sisters
question=['his' 'her' 'father' 'mother'], predicted=mother
question=['his' 'her' 'groom' 'bride'], predicted=bride
question=['his' 'her' 'he' 'she'], predicted=she
question=['husband' 'wife' 'son' 'daughter'], predicted=daughter
question=['husband' 'wife' 'father' 'mother'], predicted=mother
question=['king' 'queen' 'son' 'daughter'], predicted=daughter
question=['king' 'queen' 'sons' 'daughters'], predicted=daughters
question=['king' 'queen' 'uncle' 'aunt'], predicted=aunt
question=['king' 'queen' 'boy' 'girl'], predicted=girl
question=['king' 'queen' 'brothers' 'sisters'], predicted=sisters
question=['king' 'queen' 'father' 'mother'], predicted=mother
question=['king' 'queen' 'grandfather' 'grandmother'], predicted=grandmother
question=['king' 'queen' 'he' 'she'], predicted=she
question=['king' 'queen' 'his' 'her'], predicted=her
question=['man' 'woman' 'son' 'daughter'], predicted=daughter
question=['man' 'woman' 'sons' 'daughters'], predicted=daughters
question=['man' 'woman' 'uncle' 'aunt'], predicted=aunt
question=['man' 'woman' 'boy' 'girl'], predicted=girl
question=['man' 'woman' 'father' 'mother'], predicted=mother
question=['man' 'woman' 'he' 'she'], predicted=she
question=['man' 'woman' 'his' 'her'], predicted=her
question=['man' 'woman' 'husband' 'wife'], predicted=wife
question=['man' 'woman' 'king' 'queen'], predicted=queen
question=['nephew' 'niece' 'prince' 'princess'], predicted=princess
question=['nephew' 'niece' 'son' 'daughter'], predicted=daughter
question=['nephew' 'niece' 'sons' 'daughters'], predicted=daughters
question=['nephew' 'niece' 'boy' 'girl'], predicted=girl
question=['nephew' 'niece' 'brother' 'sister'], predicted=sister
question=['nephew' 'niece' 'father' 'mother'], predicted=mother
question=['nephew' 'niece' 'grandfather' 'grandmother'], predicted=grandmother
question=['nephew' 'niece' 'he' 'she'], predicted=she
question=['nephew' 'niece' 'his' 'her'], predicted=her
question=['nephew' 'niece' 'husband' 'wife'], predicted=wife
question=['nephew' 'niece' 'king' 'queen'], predicted=queen
question=['nephew' 'niece' 'man' 'woman'], predicted=woman
question=['prince' 'princess' 'son' 'daughter'], predicted=daughter
question=['prince' 'princess' 'sons' 'daughters'], predicted=daughters
question=['prince' 'princess' 'uncle' 'aunt'], predicted=aunt
question=['prince' 'princess' 'boy' 'girl'], predicted=girl
question=['prince' 'princess' 'brother' 'sister'], predicted=sister
question=['prince' 'princess' 'brothers' 'sisters'], predicted=sisters
question=['prince' 'princess' 'father' 'mother'], predicted=mother
question=['prince' 'princess' 'grandfather' 'grandmother'], predicted=grandmother
question=['prince' 'princess' 'groom' 'bride'], predicted=bride
question=['prince' 'princess' 'he' 'she'], predicted=she
question=['prince' 'princess' 'his' 'her'], predicted=her
question=['prince' 'princess' 'husband' 'wife'], predicted=wife
question=['prince' 'princess' 'king' 'queen'], predicted=queen
question=['prince' 'princess' 'nephew' 'niece'], predicted=niece
question=['son' 'daughter' 'sons' 'daughters'], predicted=daughters
question=['son' 'daughter' 'uncle' 'aunt'], predicted=aunt
question=['son' 'daughter' 'boy' 'girl'], predicted=girl
question=['son' 'daughter' 'brother' 'sister'], predicted=sister
question=['son' 'daughter' 'brothers' 'sisters'], predicted=sisters
question=['son' 'daughter' 'father' 'mother'], predicted=mother
question=['son' 'daughter' 'grandson' 'granddaughter'], predicted=granddaughter
question=['son' 'daughter' 'he' 'she'], predicted=she
question=['son' 'daughter' 'his' 'her'], predicted=her
question=['son' 'daughter' 'husband' 'wife'], predicted=wife
question=['son' 'daughter' 'king' 'queen'], predicted=queen
question=['son' 'daughter' 'man' 'woman'], predicted=woman
question=['son' 'daughter' 'nephew' 'niece'], predicted=niece
question=['sons' 'daughters' 'uncle' 'aunt'], predicted=aunt
question=['sons' 'daughters' 'boy' 'girl'], predicted=girl
question=['sons' 'daughters' 'brother' 'sister'], predicted=sister
question=['sons' 'daughters' 'brothers' 'sisters'], predicted=sisters
question=['sons' 'daughters' 'father' 'mother'], predicted=mother
question=['sons' 'daughters' 'grandfather' 'grandmother'], predicted=grandmother
question=['sons' 'daughters' 'grandson' 'granddaughter'], predicted=granddaughter
question=['sons' 'daughters' 'he' 'she'], predicted=she
question=['sons' 'daughters' 'his' 'her'], predicted=her
question=['sons' 'daughters' 'husband' 'wife'], predicted=wife
question=['sons' 'daughters' 'king' 'queen'], predicted=queen
question=['sons' 'daughters' 'man' 'woman'], predicted=woman
question=['sons' 'daughters' 'prince' 'princess'], predicted=princess
question=['sons' 'daughters' 'son' 'daughter'], predicted=daughter
question=['stepfather' 'stepmother' 'stepson' 'stepdaughter'], predicted=stepdaughter
question=['stepfather' 'stepmother' 'boy' 'girl'], predicted=girl
question=['stepfather' 'stepmother' 'father' 'mother'], predicted=mother
question=['stepfather' 'stepmother' 'he' 'she'], predicted=she
question=['stepfather' 'stepmother' 'sons' 'daughters'], predicted=daughters
question=['stepson' 'stepdaughter' 'boy' 'girl'], predicted=girl
question=['stepson' 'stepdaughter' 'brother' 'sister'], predicted=sister
question=['stepson' 'stepdaughter' 'father' 'mother'], predicted=mother
question=['stepson' 'stepdaughter' 'husband' 'wife'], predicted=wife
question=['stepson' 'stepdaughter' 'son' 'daughter'], predicted=daughter
question=['stepson' 'stepdaughter' 'sons' 'daughters'], predicted=daughters
question=['uncle' 'aunt' 'boy' 'girl'], predicted=girl
question=['uncle' 'aunt' 'brother' 'sister'], predicted=sister
question=['uncle' 'aunt' 'brothers' 'sisters'], predicted=sisters
question=['uncle' 'aunt' 'father' 'mother'], predicted=mother
question=['uncle' 'aunt' 'he' 'she'], predicted=she
question=['uncle' 'aunt' 'husband' 'wife'], predicted=wife
question=['uncle' 'aunt' 'king' 'queen'], predicted=queen
question=['uncle' 'aunt' 'prince' 'princess'], predicted=princess
question=['uncle' 'aunt' 'son' 'daughter'], predicted=daughter
question=['uncle' 'aunt' 'sons' 'daughters'], predicted=daughters
question=['apparent' 'apparently' 'immediate' 'immediately'], predicted=immediately
question=['calm' 'calmly' 'typical' 'typically'], predicted=typically
question=['efficient' 'efficiently' 'free' 'freely'], predicted=freely
question=['efficient' 'efficiently' 'quiet' 'quietly'], predicted=quietly
question=['fortunate' 'fortunately' 'typical' 'typically'], predicted=typically
question=['free' 'freely' 'obvious' 'obviously'], predicted=obviously
question=['free' 'freely' 'rare' 'rarely'], predicted=rarely
question=['free' 'freely' 'safe' 'safely'], predicted=safely
question=['free' 'freely' 'typical' 'typically'], predicted=typically
question=['free' 'freely' 'efficient' 'efficiently'], predicted=efficiently
question=['furious' 'furiously' 'precise' 'precisely'], predicted=precisely
question=['furious' 'furiously' 'slow' 'slowly'], predicted=slowly
question=['happy' 'happily' 'safe' 'safely'], predicted=safely
question=['happy' 'happily' 'typical' 'typically'], predicted=typically
question=['happy' 'happily' 'free' 'freely'], predicted=freely
question=['immediate' 'immediately' 'occasional' 'occasionally'], predicted=occasionally
question=['immediate' 'immediately' 'precise' 'precisely'], predicted=precisely
question=['immediate' 'immediately' 'slow' 'slowly'], predicted=slowly
question=['immediate' 'immediately' 'sudden' 'suddenly'], predicted=suddenly
question=['immediate' 'immediately' 'complete' 'completely'], predicted=completely
question=['infrequent' 'infrequently' 'typical' 'typically'], predicted=typically
question=['infrequent' 'infrequently' 'free' 'freely'], predicted=freely
question=['obvious' 'obviously' 'occasional' 'occasionally'], predicted=occasionally
question=['obvious' 'obviously' 'typical' 'typically'], predicted=typically
question=['obvious' 'obviously' 'free' 'freely'], predicted=freely
question=['obvious' 'obviously' 'immediate' 'immediately'], predicted=immediately
question=['occasional' 'occasionally' 'rare' 'rarely'], predicted=rarely
question=['occasional' 'occasionally' 'slow' 'slowly'], predicted=slowly
question=['occasional' 'occasionally' 'typical' 'typically'], predicted=typically
question=['occasional' 'occasionally' 'obvious' 'obviously'], predicted=obviously
question=['possible' 'possibly' 'apparent' 'apparently'], predicted=apparently
question=['precise' 'precisely' 'typical' 'typically'], predicted=typically
question=['precise' 'precisely' 'efficient' 'efficiently'], predicted=efficiently
question=['precise' 'precisely' 'immediate' 'immediately'], predicted=immediately
question=['professional' 'professionally' 'slow' 'slowly'], predicted=slowly
question=['professional' 'professionally' 'efficient' 'efficiently'], predicted=efficiently
question=['professional' 'professionally' 'free' 'freely'], predicted=freely
question=['professional' 'professionally' 'immediate' 'immediately'], predicted=immediately
question=['quick' 'quickly' 'rapid' 'rapidly'], predicted=rapidly
question=['quick' 'quickly' 'slow' 'slowly'], predicted=slowly
question=['quiet' 'quietly' 'rare' 'rarely'], predicted=rarely
question=['quiet' 'quietly' 'slow' 'slowly'], predicted=slowly
question=['quiet' 'quietly' 'typical' 'typically'], predicted=typically
question=['quiet' 'quietly' 'efficient' 'efficiently'], predicted=efficiently
question=['quiet' 'quietly' 'free' 'freely'], predicted=freely
question=['rapid' 'rapidly' 'slow' 'slowly'], predicted=slowly
question=['rapid' 'rapidly' 'quick' 'quickly'], predicted=quickly
question=['rare' 'rarely' 'slow' 'slowly'], predicted=slowly
question=['rare' 'rarely' 'typical' 'typically'], predicted=typically
question=['rare' 'rarely' 'efficient' 'efficiently'], predicted=efficiently
question=['reluctant' 'reluctantly' 'efficient' 'efficiently'], predicted=efficiently
question=['reluctant' 'reluctantly' 'free' 'freely'], predicted=freely
question=['safe' 'safely' 'slow' 'slowly'], predicted=slowly
question=['safe' 'safely' 'typical' 'typically'], predicted=typically
question=['safe' 'safely' 'efficient' 'efficiently'], predicted=efficiently
question=['safe' 'safely' 'free' 'freely'], predicted=freely
question=['serious' 'seriously' 'immediate' 'immediately'], predicted=immediately
question=['slow' 'slowly' 'sudden' 'suddenly'], predicted=suddenly
question=['slow' 'slowly' 'free' 'freely'], predicted=freely
question=['slow' 'slowly' 'immediate' 'immediately'], predicted=immediately
question=['slow' 'slowly' 'quick' 'quickly'], predicted=quickly
question=['slow' 'slowly' 'rapid' 'rapidly'], predicted=rapidly
question=['slow' 'slowly' 'rare' 'rarely'], predicted=rarely
question=['sudden' 'suddenly' 'typical' 'typically'], predicted=typically
question=['sudden' 'suddenly' 'free' 'freely'], predicted=freely
question=['sudden' 'suddenly' 'immediate' 'immediately'], predicted=immediately
question=['sudden' 'suddenly' 'quick' 'quickly'], predicted=quickly
question=['sudden' 'suddenly' 'safe' 'safely'], predicted=safely
question=['sudden' 'suddenly' 'slow' 'slowly'], predicted=slowly
question=['swift' 'swiftly' 'efficient' 'efficiently'], predicted=efficiently
question=['swift' 'swiftly' 'precise' 'precisely'], predicted=precisely
question=['swift' 'swiftly' 'slow' 'slowly'], predicted=slowly
question=['typical' 'typically' 'usual' 'usually'], predicted=usually
question=['typical' 'typically' 'occasional' 'occasionally'], predicted=occasionally
question=['typical' 'typically' 'rare' 'rarely'], predicted=rarely
question=['usual' 'usually' 'typical' 'typically'], predicted=typically
question=['acceptable' 'unacceptable' 'consistent' 'inconsistent'], predicted=inconsistent
question=['acceptable' 'unacceptable' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=irrational
question=['certain' 'uncertain' 'clear' 'unclear'], predicted=unclear
question=['certain' 'uncertain' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=irrational
question=['clear' 'unclear' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=irrational
question=['comfortable' 'uncomfortable' 'consistent' 'inconsistent'], predicted=inconsistent
question=['comfortable' 'uncomfortable' 'possible' 'impossible'], predicted=impossible
question=['comfortable' 'uncomfortable' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=irrational
question=['competitive' 'uncompetitive' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=irrational
question=['consistent' 'inconsistent' 'fortunate' 'unfortunate'], predicted=unfortunate
question=['consistent' 'inconsistent' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=unlikely
question=['consistent' 'inconsistent' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=irrational
question=['consistent' 'inconsistent' 'acceptable' 'unacceptable'], predicted=unacceptable
question=['convincing' 'unconvincing' 'consistent' 'inconsistent'], predicted=inconsistent
question=['convenient' 'inconvenient' 'acceptable' 'unacceptable'], predicted=unacceptable
question=['decided' 'undecided' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=irrational
question=['efficient' 'inefficient' 'fortunate' 'unfortunate'], predicted=unfortunate
question=['efficient' 'inefficient' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=unlikely
question=['efficient' 'inefficient' 'productive' 'unproductive'], predicted=unproductive
question=['efficient' 'inefficient' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=irrational
question=['efficient' 'inefficient' 'acceptable' 'unacceptable'], predicted=unacceptable
question=['efficient' 'inefficient' 'consistent' 'inconsistent'], predicted=inconsistent
question=['ethical' 'unethical' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=unlikely
question=['ethical' 'unethical' 'aware' 'unaware'], predicted=unaware
question=['fortunate' 'unfortunate' 'consistent' 'inconsistent'], predicted=inconsistent
question=['honest' 'dishonest' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=unlikely
question=['honest' 'dishonest' 'possible' 'impossible'], predicted=impossible
question=['known' 'unknown' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=unlikely
question=['known' 'unknown' 'aware' 'unaware'], predicted=unaware
question=['known' 'unknown' 'clear' 'unclear'], predicted=unclear
question=['likely' 'unlikely' 'possible' 'impossible'], predicted=impossible
question=['likely' 'unlikely' 'acceptable' 'unacceptable'], predicted=unacceptable
question=['likely' 'unlikely' 'efficient' 'inefficient'], predicted=inefficient
question=['logical' 'illogical' 'possible' 'impossible'], predicted=impossible
question=['logical' 'illogical' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=unlikely
question=['pleasant' 'unpleasant' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=irrational
question=['pleasant' 'unpleasant' 'consistent' 'inconsistent'], predicted=inconsistent
question=['pleasant' 'unpleasant' 'fortunate' 'unfortunate'], predicted=unfortunate
question=['possible' 'impossible' 'aware' 'unaware'], predicted=unaware
question=['possible' 'impossible' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=unlikely
question=['possibly' 'impossibly' 'aware' 'unaware'], predicted=unaware
question=['productive' 'unproductive' 'consistent' 'inconsistent'], predicted=inconsistent
question=['rational' 'irrational' 'acceptable' 'unacceptable'], predicted=unacceptable
question=['rational' 'irrational' 'consistent' 'inconsistent'], predicted=inconsistent
question=['reasonable' 'unreasonable' 'consistent' 'inconsistent'], predicted=inconsistent
question=['reasonable' 'unreasonable' 'possible' 'impossible'], predicted=impossible
question=['responsible' 'irresponsible' 'consistent' 'inconsistent'], predicted=inconsistent
question=['responsible' 'irresponsible' 'convincing' 'unconvincing'], predicted=unconvincing
question=['sure' 'unsure' 'clear' 'unclear'], predicted=unclear
question=['tasteful' 'distasteful' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=irrational
question=['bad' 'worse' 'big' 'bigger'], predicted=bigger
question=['bad' 'worse' 'bright' 'brighter'], predicted=brighter
question=['bad' 'worse' 'cheap' 'cheaper'], predicted=cheaper
question=['bad' 'worse' 'easy' 'easier'], predicted=easier
question=['bad' 'worse' 'fast' 'faster'], predicted=faster
question=['bad' 'worse' 'good' 'better'], predicted=better
question=['bad' 'worse' 'hard' 'harder'], predicted=harder
question=['bad' 'worse' 'high' 'higher'], predicted=higher
question=['bad' 'worse' 'large' 'larger'], predicted=larger
question=['bad' 'worse' 'long' 'longer'], predicted=longer
question=['bad' 'worse' 'loud' 'louder'], predicted=louder
question=['bad' 'worse' 'old' 'older'], predicted=older
question=['bad' 'worse' 'quick' 'quicker'], predicted=quicker
question=['bad' 'worse' 'short' 'shorter'], predicted=shorter
question=['bad' 'worse' 'simple' 'simpler'], predicted=simpler
question=['bad' 'worse' 'slow' 'slower'], predicted=slower
question=['bad' 'worse' 'small' 'smaller'], predicted=smaller
question=['bad' 'worse' 'strong' 'stronger'], predicted=stronger
question=['bad' 'worse' 'tall' 'taller'], predicted=taller
question=['bad' 'worse' 'warm' 'warmer'], predicted=warmer
question=['bad' 'worse' 'wide' 'wider'], predicted=wider
question=['bad' 'worse' 'young' 'younger'], predicted=younger
question=['big' 'bigger' 'bright' 'brighter'], predicted=brighter
question=['big' 'bigger' 'cheap' 'cheaper'], predicted=cheaper
question=['big' 'bigger' 'deep' 'deeper'], predicted=deeper
question=['big' 'bigger' 'easy' 'easier'], predicted=easier
question=['big' 'bigger' 'fast' 'faster'], predicted=faster
question=['big' 'bigger' 'great' 'greater'], predicted=greater
question=['big' 'bigger' 'hard' 'harder'], predicted=harder
question=['big' 'bigger' 'high' 'higher'], predicted=higher
question=['big' 'bigger' 'large' 'larger'], predicted=larger
question=['big' 'bigger' 'long' 'longer'], predicted=longer
question=['big' 'bigger' 'loud' 'louder'], predicted=louder
question=['big' 'bigger' 'safe' 'safer'], predicted=safer
question=['big' 'bigger' 'short' 'shorter'], predicted=shorter
question=['big' 'bigger' 'simple' 'simpler'], predicted=simpler
question=['big' 'bigger' 'strong' 'stronger'], predicted=stronger
question=['big' 'bigger' 'tall' 'taller'], predicted=taller
question=['big' 'bigger' 'tough' 'tougher'], predicted=tougher
question=['big' 'bigger' 'wide' 'wider'], predicted=wider
question=['big' 'bigger' 'bad' 'worse'], predicted=worse
question=['bright' 'brighter' 'cheap' 'cheaper'], predicted=cheaper
question=['bright' 'brighter' 'cool' 'cooler'], predicted=cooler
question=['bright' 'brighter' 'deep' 'deeper'], predicted=deeper
question=['bright' 'brighter' 'easy' 'easier'], predicted=easier
question=['bright' 'brighter' 'fast' 'faster'], predicted=faster
question=['bright' 'brighter' 'good' 'better'], predicted=better
question=['bright' 'brighter' 'heavy' 'heavier'], predicted=heavier
question=['bright' 'brighter' 'high' 'higher'], predicted=higher
question=['bright' 'brighter' 'large' 'larger'], predicted=larger
question=['bright' 'brighter' 'long' 'longer'], predicted=longer
question=['bright' 'brighter' 'low' 'lower'], predicted=lower
question=['bright' 'brighter' 'old' 'older'], predicted=older
question=['bright' 'brighter' 'short' 'shorter'], predicted=shorter
question=['bright' 'brighter' 'simple' 'simpler'], predicted=simpler
question=['bright' 'brighter' 'slow' 'slower'], predicted=slower
question=['bright' 'brighter' 'small' 'smaller'], predicted=smaller
question=['bright' 'brighter' 'strong' 'stronger'], predicted=stronger
question=['bright' 'brighter' 'tall' 'taller'], predicted=taller
question=['bright' 'brighter' 'warm' 'warmer'], predicted=warmer
question=['bright' 'brighter' 'wide' 'wider'], predicted=wider
question=['bright' 'brighter' 'big' 'bigger'], predicted=bigger
question=['cheap' 'cheaper' 'deep' 'deeper'], predicted=deeper
question=['cheap' 'cheaper' 'easy' 'easier'], predicted=easier
question=['cheap' 'cheaper' 'fast' 'faster'], predicted=faster
question=['cheap' 'cheaper' 'great' 'greater'], predicted=greater
question=['cheap' 'cheaper' 'hard' 'harder'], predicted=harder
question=['cheap' 'cheaper' 'high' 'higher'], predicted=higher
question=['cheap' 'cheaper' 'large' 'larger'], predicted=larger
question=['cheap' 'cheaper' 'old' 'older'], predicted=older
question=['cheap' 'cheaper' 'short' 'shorter'], predicted=shorter
question=['cheap' 'cheaper' 'simple' 'simpler'], predicted=simpler
question=['cheap' 'cheaper' 'strong' 'stronger'], predicted=stronger
question=['cheap' 'cheaper' 'tall' 'taller'], predicted=taller
question=['cheap' 'cheaper' 'warm' 'warmer'], predicted=warmer
question=['cheap' 'cheaper' 'wide' 'wider'], predicted=wider
question=['cheap' 'cheaper' 'bad' 'worse'], predicted=worse
question=['cheap' 'cheaper' 'bright' 'brighter'], predicted=brighter
question=['cold' 'colder' 'easy' 'easier'], predicted=easier
question=['cold' 'colder' 'fast' 'faster'], predicted=faster
question=['cold' 'colder' 'hard' 'harder'], predicted=harder
question=['cold' 'colder' 'high' 'higher'], predicted=higher
question=['cold' 'colder' 'large' 'larger'], predicted=larger
question=['cold' 'colder' 'long' 'longer'], predicted=longer
question=['cold' 'colder' 'low' 'lower'], predicted=lower
question=['cold' 'colder' 'old' 'older'], predicted=older
question=['cold' 'colder' 'short' 'shorter'], predicted=shorter
question=['cold' 'colder' 'simple' 'simpler'], predicted=simpler
question=['cold' 'colder' 'slow' 'slower'], predicted=slower
question=['cold' 'colder' 'small' 'smaller'], predicted=smaller
question=['cold' 'colder' 'strong' 'stronger'], predicted=stronger
question=['cold' 'colder' 'tall' 'taller'], predicted=taller
question=['cold' 'colder' 'warm' 'warmer'], predicted=warmer
question=['cold' 'colder' 'wide' 'wider'], predicted=wider
question=['cold' 'colder' 'young' 'younger'], predicted=younger
question=['cold' 'colder' 'bright' 'brighter'], predicted=brighter
question=['cold' 'colder' 'cheap' 'cheaper'], predicted=cheaper
question=['cool' 'cooler' 'easy' 'easier'], predicted=easier
question=['cool' 'cooler' 'fast' 'faster'], predicted=faster
question=['cool' 'cooler' 'hard' 'harder'], predicted=harder
question=['cool' 'cooler' 'short' 'shorter'], predicted=shorter
question=['cool' 'cooler' 'warm' 'warmer'], predicted=warmer
question=['cool' 'cooler' 'weak' 'weaker'], predicted=weaker
question=['cool' 'cooler' 'wide' 'wider'], predicted=wider
question=['cool' 'cooler' 'bright' 'brighter'], predicted=brighter
question=['cool' 'cooler' 'cheap' 'cheaper'], predicted=cheaper
question=['deep' 'deeper' 'easy' 'easier'], predicted=easier
question=['deep' 'deeper' 'fast' 'faster'], predicted=faster
question=['deep' 'deeper' 'hard' 'harder'], predicted=harder
question=['deep' 'deeper' 'large' 'larger'], predicted=larger
question=['deep' 'deeper' 'old' 'older'], predicted=older
question=['deep' 'deeper' 'safe' 'safer'], predicted=safer
question=['deep' 'deeper' 'short' 'shorter'], predicted=shorter
question=['deep' 'deeper' 'simple' 'simpler'], predicted=simpler
question=['deep' 'deeper' 'small' 'smaller'], predicted=smaller
question=['deep' 'deeper' 'tall' 'taller'], predicted=taller
question=['deep' 'deeper' 'wide' 'wider'], predicted=wider
question=['deep' 'deeper' 'bright' 'brighter'], predicted=brighter
question=['easy' 'easier' 'fast' 'faster'], predicted=faster
question=['easy' 'easier' 'good' 'better'], predicted=better
question=['easy' 'easier' 'hard' 'harder'], predicted=harder
question=['easy' 'easier' 'heavy' 'heavier'], predicted=heavier
question=['easy' 'easier' 'high' 'higher'], predicted=higher
question=['easy' 'easier' 'large' 'larger'], predicted=larger
question=['easy' 'easier' 'quick' 'quicker'], predicted=quicker
question=['easy' 'easier' 'short' 'shorter'], predicted=shorter
question=['easy' 'easier' 'simple' 'simpler'], predicted=simpler
question=['easy' 'easier' 'slow' 'slower'], predicted=slower
question=['easy' 'easier' 'strong' 'stronger'], predicted=stronger
question=['easy' 'easier' 'tall' 'taller'], predicted=taller
question=['easy' 'easier' 'warm' 'warmer'], predicted=warmer
question=['easy' 'easier' 'weak' 'weaker'], predicted=weaker
question=['easy' 'easier' 'wide' 'wider'], predicted=wider
question=['easy' 'easier' 'young' 'younger'], predicted=younger
question=['easy' 'easier' 'bad' 'worse'], predicted=worse
question=['easy' 'easier' 'big' 'bigger'], predicted=bigger
question=['easy' 'easier' 'bright' 'brighter'], predicted=brighter
question=['easy' 'easier' 'cheap' 'cheaper'], predicted=cheaper
question=['easy' 'easier' 'deep' 'deeper'], predicted=deeper
question=['fast' 'faster' 'good' 'better'], predicted=better
question=['fast' 'faster' 'great' 'greater'], predicted=greater
question=['fast' 'faster' 'hard' 'harder'], predicted=harder
question=['fast' 'faster' 'high' 'higher'], predicted=higher
question=['fast' 'faster' 'large' 'larger'], predicted=larger
question=['fast' 'faster' 'loud' 'louder'], predicted=louder
question=['fast' 'faster' 'old' 'older'], predicted=older
question=['fast' 'faster' 'safe' 'safer'], predicted=safer
question=['fast' 'faster' 'short' 'shorter'], predicted=shorter
question=['fast' 'faster' 'simple' 'simpler'], predicted=simpler
question=['fast' 'faster' 'slow' 'slower'], predicted=slower
question=['fast' 'faster' 'small' 'smaller'], predicted=smaller
question=['fast' 'faster' 'strong' 'stronger'], predicted=stronger
question=['fast' 'faster' 'tall' 'taller'], predicted=taller
question=['fast' 'faster' 'warm' 'warmer'], predicted=warmer
question=['fast' 'faster' 'weak' 'weaker'], predicted=weaker
question=['fast' 'faster' 'wide' 'wider'], predicted=wider
question=['fast' 'faster' 'young' 'younger'], predicted=younger
question=['fast' 'faster' 'bright' 'brighter'], predicted=brighter
question=['fast' 'faster' 'cheap' 'cheaper'], predicted=cheaper
question=['fast' 'faster' 'cold' 'colder'], predicted=colder
question=['fast' 'faster' 'deep' 'deeper'], predicted=deeper
question=['fast' 'faster' 'easy' 'easier'], predicted=easier
question=['good' 'better' 'heavy' 'heavier'], predicted=heavier
question=['good' 'better' 'high' 'higher'], predicted=higher
question=['good' 'better' 'hot' 'hotter'], predicted=hotter
question=['good' 'better' 'large' 'larger'], predicted=larger
question=['good' 'better' 'long' 'longer'], predicted=longer
question=['good' 'better' 'old' 'older'], predicted=older
question=['good' 'better' 'short' 'shorter'], predicted=shorter
question=['good' 'better' 'simple' 'simpler'], predicted=simpler
question=['good' 'better' 'slow' 'slower'], predicted=slower
question=['good' 'better' 'strong' 'stronger'], predicted=stronger
question=['good' 'better' 'tall' 'taller'], predicted=taller
question=['good' 'better' 'wide' 'wider'], predicted=wider
question=['good' 'better' 'young' 'younger'], predicted=younger
question=['good' 'better' 'bad' 'worse'], predicted=worse
question=['good' 'better' 'bright' 'brighter'], predicted=brighter
question=['good' 'better' 'deep' 'deeper'], predicted=deeper
question=['good' 'better' 'easy' 'easier'], predicted=easier
question=['good' 'better' 'fast' 'faster'], predicted=faster
question=['great' 'greater' 'high' 'higher'], predicted=higher
question=['great' 'greater' 'hot' 'hotter'], predicted=hotter
question=['great' 'greater' 'large' 'larger'], predicted=larger
question=['great' 'greater' 'long' 'longer'], predicted=longer
question=['great' 'greater' 'loud' 'louder'], predicted=louder
question=['great' 'greater' 'safe' 'safer'], predicted=safer
question=['great' 'greater' 'short' 'shorter'], predicted=shorter
question=['great' 'greater' 'slow' 'slower'], predicted=slower
question=['great' 'greater' 'strong' 'stronger'], predicted=stronger
question=['great' 'greater' 'tall' 'taller'], predicted=taller
question=['great' 'greater' 'warm' 'warmer'], predicted=warmer
question=['great' 'greater' 'wide' 'wider'], predicted=wider
question=['great' 'greater' 'bright' 'brighter'], predicted=brighter
question=['great' 'greater' 'cheap' 'cheaper'], predicted=cheaper
question=['great' 'greater' 'deep' 'deeper'], predicted=deeper
question=['great' 'greater' 'easy' 'easier'], predicted=easier
question=['great' 'greater' 'fast' 'faster'], predicted=faster
question=['great' 'greater' 'good' 'better'], predicted=better
question=['hard' 'harder' 'heavy' 'heavier'], predicted=heavier
question=['hard' 'harder' 'high' 'higher'], predicted=higher
question=['hard' 'harder' 'hot' 'hotter'], predicted=hotter
question=['hard' 'harder' 'large' 'larger'], predicted=larger
question=['hard' 'harder' 'quick' 'quicker'], predicted=quicker
question=['hard' 'harder' 'sharp' 'sharper'], predicted=sharper
question=['hard' 'harder' 'short' 'shorter'], predicted=shorter
question=['hard' 'harder' 'simple' 'simpler'], predicted=simpler
question=['hard' 'harder' 'small' 'smaller'], predicted=smaller
question=['hard' 'harder' 'strong' 'stronger'], predicted=stronger
question=['hard' 'harder' 'tall' 'taller'], predicted=taller
question=['hard' 'harder' 'tough' 'tougher'], predicted=tougher
question=['hard' 'harder' 'weak' 'weaker'], predicted=weaker
question=['hard' 'harder' 'wide' 'wider'], predicted=wider
question=['hard' 'harder' 'bad' 'worse'], predicted=worse
question=['hard' 'harder' 'bright' 'brighter'], predicted=brighter
question=['hard' 'harder' 'cool' 'cooler'], predicted=cooler
question=['hard' 'harder' 'deep' 'deeper'], predicted=deeper
question=['hard' 'harder' 'easy' 'easier'], predicted=easier
question=['hard' 'harder' 'fast' 'faster'], predicted=faster
question=['heavy' 'heavier' 'high' 'higher'], predicted=higher
question=['heavy' 'heavier' 'large' 'larger'], predicted=larger
question=['heavy' 'heavier' 'long' 'longer'], predicted=longer
question=['heavy' 'heavier' 'old' 'older'], predicted=older
question=['heavy' 'heavier' 'safe' 'safer'], predicted=safer
question=['heavy' 'heavier' 'short' 'shorter'], predicted=shorter
question=['heavy' 'heavier' 'simple' 'simpler'], predicted=simpler
question=['heavy' 'heavier' 'slow' 'slower'], predicted=slower
question=['heavy' 'heavier' 'small' 'smaller'], predicted=smaller
question=['heavy' 'heavier' 'smart' 'smarter'], predicted=smarter
question=['heavy' 'heavier' 'strong' 'stronger'], predicted=stronger
question=['heavy' 'heavier' 'tall' 'taller'], predicted=taller
question=['heavy' 'heavier' 'warm' 'warmer'], predicted=warmer
question=['heavy' 'heavier' 'wide' 'wider'], predicted=wider
question=['heavy' 'heavier' 'bright' 'brighter'], predicted=brighter
question=['heavy' 'heavier' 'easy' 'easier'], predicted=easier
question=['heavy' 'heavier' 'fast' 'faster'], predicted=faster
question=['heavy' 'heavier' 'good' 'better'], predicted=better
question=['heavy' 'heavier' 'hard' 'harder'], predicted=harder
question=['high' 'higher' 'large' 'larger'], predicted=larger
question=['high' 'higher' 'loud' 'louder'], predicted=louder
question=['high' 'higher' 'low' 'lower'], predicted=lower
question=['high' 'higher' 'old' 'older'], predicted=older
question=['high' 'higher' 'short' 'shorter'], predicted=shorter
question=['high' 'higher' 'strong' 'stronger'], predicted=stronger
question=['high' 'higher' 'tall' 'taller'], predicted=taller
question=['high' 'higher' 'tough' 'tougher'], predicted=tougher
question=['high' 'higher' 'warm' 'warmer'], predicted=warmer
question=['high' 'higher' 'wide' 'wider'], predicted=wider
question=['high' 'higher' 'bad' 'worse'], predicted=worse
question=['high' 'higher' 'big' 'bigger'], predicted=bigger
question=['high' 'higher' 'bright' 'brighter'], predicted=brighter
question=['high' 'higher' 'deep' 'deeper'], predicted=deeper
question=['high' 'higher' 'easy' 'easier'], predicted=easier
question=['high' 'higher' 'fast' 'faster'], predicted=faster
question=['high' 'higher' 'good' 'better'], predicted=better
question=['high' 'higher' 'great' 'greater'], predicted=greater
question=['high' 'higher' 'hard' 'harder'], predicted=harder
question=['high' 'higher' 'heavy' 'heavier'], predicted=heavier
question=['hot' 'hotter' 'large' 'larger'], predicted=larger
question=['hot' 'hotter' 'safe' 'safer'], predicted=safer
question=['hot' 'hotter' 'short' 'shorter'], predicted=shorter
question=['hot' 'hotter' 'slow' 'slower'], predicted=slower
question=['hot' 'hotter' 'small' 'smaller'], predicted=smaller
question=['hot' 'hotter' 'tall' 'taller'], predicted=taller
question=['hot' 'hotter' 'weak' 'weaker'], predicted=weaker
question=['hot' 'hotter' 'wide' 'wider'], predicted=wider
question=['hot' 'hotter' 'big' 'bigger'], predicted=bigger
question=['hot' 'hotter' 'bright' 'brighter'], predicted=brighter
question=['hot' 'hotter' 'cheap' 'cheaper'], predicted=cheaper
question=['hot' 'hotter' 'cold' 'colder'], predicted=colder
question=['hot' 'hotter' 'deep' 'deeper'], predicted=deeper
question=['hot' 'hotter' 'easy' 'easier'], predicted=easier
question=['hot' 'hotter' 'fast' 'faster'], predicted=faster
question=['hot' 'hotter' 'good' 'better'], predicted=better
question=['hot' 'hotter' 'great' 'greater'], predicted=greater
question=['hot' 'hotter' 'hard' 'harder'], predicted=harder
question=['large' 'larger' 'long' 'longer'], predicted=longer
question=['large' 'larger' 'loud' 'louder'], predicted=louder
question=['large' 'larger' 'old' 'older'], predicted=older
question=['large' 'larger' 'safe' 'safer'], predicted=safer
question=['large' 'larger' 'short' 'shorter'], predicted=shorter
question=['large' 'larger' 'simple' 'simpler'], predicted=simpler
question=['large' 'larger' 'slow' 'slower'], predicted=slower
question=['large' 'larger' 'small' 'smaller'], predicted=smaller
question=['large' 'larger' 'strong' 'stronger'], predicted=stronger
question=['large' 'larger' 'tall' 'taller'], predicted=taller
question=['large' 'larger' 'warm' 'warmer'], predicted=warmer
question=['large' 'larger' 'wide' 'wider'], predicted=wider
question=['large' 'larger' 'bad' 'worse'], predicted=worse
question=['large' 'larger' 'big' 'bigger'], predicted=bigger
question=['large' 'larger' 'bright' 'brighter'], predicted=brighter
question=['large' 'larger' 'cheap' 'cheaper'], predicted=cheaper
question=['large' 'larger' 'deep' 'deeper'], predicted=deeper
question=['large' 'larger' 'easy' 'easier'], predicted=easier
question=['large' 'larger' 'fast' 'faster'], predicted=faster
question=['large' 'larger' 'good' 'better'], predicted=better
question=['large' 'larger' 'great' 'greater'], predicted=greater
question=['large' 'larger' 'hard' 'harder'], predicted=harder
question=['large' 'larger' 'heavy' 'heavier'], predicted=heavier
question=['large' 'larger' 'high' 'higher'], predicted=higher
question=['large' 'larger' 'hot' 'hotter'], predicted=hotter
question=['long' 'longer' 'old' 'older'], predicted=older
question=['long' 'longer' 'safe' 'safer'], predicted=safer
question=['long' 'longer' 'short' 'shorter'], predicted=shorter
question=['long' 'longer' 'simple' 'simpler'], predicted=simpler
question=['long' 'longer' 'slow' 'slower'], predicted=slower
question=['long' 'longer' 'small' 'smaller'], predicted=smaller
question=['long' 'longer' 'strong' 'stronger'], predicted=stronger
question=['long' 'longer' 'tall' 'taller'], predicted=taller
question=['long' 'longer' 'wide' 'wider'], predicted=wider
question=['long' 'longer' 'big' 'bigger'], predicted=bigger
question=['long' 'longer' 'bright' 'brighter'], predicted=brighter
question=['long' 'longer' 'cheap' 'cheaper'], predicted=cheaper
question=['long' 'longer' 'cool' 'cooler'], predicted=cooler
question=['long' 'longer' 'deep' 'deeper'], predicted=deeper
question=['long' 'longer' 'easy' 'easier'], predicted=easier
question=['long' 'longer' 'fast' 'faster'], predicted=faster
question=['long' 'longer' 'good' 'better'], predicted=better
question=['long' 'longer' 'great' 'greater'], predicted=greater
question=['long' 'longer' 'hard' 'harder'], predicted=harder
question=['long' 'longer' 'heavy' 'heavier'], predicted=heavier
question=['long' 'longer' 'high' 'higher'], predicted=higher
question=['long' 'longer' 'large' 'larger'], predicted=larger
question=['loud' 'louder' 'old' 'older'], predicted=older
question=['loud' 'louder' 'short' 'shorter'], predicted=shorter
question=['loud' 'louder' 'simple' 'simpler'], predicted=simpler
question=['loud' 'louder' 'strong' 'stronger'], predicted=stronger
question=['loud' 'louder' 'tall' 'taller'], predicted=taller
question=['loud' 'louder' 'weak' 'weaker'], predicted=weaker
question=['loud' 'louder' 'wide' 'wider'], predicted=wider
question=['loud' 'louder' 'young' 'younger'], predicted=younger
question=['loud' 'louder' 'bad' 'worse'], predicted=worse
question=['loud' 'louder' 'bright' 'brighter'], predicted=brighter
question=['loud' 'louder' 'cheap' 'cheaper'], predicted=cheaper
question=['loud' 'louder' 'deep' 'deeper'], predicted=deeper
question=['loud' 'louder' 'easy' 'easier'], predicted=easier
question=['loud' 'louder' 'fast' 'faster'], predicted=faster
question=['loud' 'louder' 'good' 'better'], predicted=better
question=['loud' 'louder' 'hard' 'harder'], predicted=harder
question=['loud' 'louder' 'high' 'higher'], predicted=higher
question=['loud' 'louder' 'large' 'larger'], predicted=larger
question=['low' 'lower' 'short' 'shorter'], predicted=shorter
question=['low' 'lower' 'simple' 'simpler'], predicted=simpler
question=['low' 'lower' 'small' 'smaller'], predicted=smaller
question=['low' 'lower' 'tall' 'taller'], predicted=taller
question=['low' 'lower' 'weak' 'weaker'], predicted=weaker
question=['low' 'lower' 'wide' 'wider'], predicted=wider
question=['low' 'lower' 'young' 'younger'], predicted=younger
question=['low' 'lower' 'bright' 'brighter'], predicted=brighter
question=['low' 'lower' 'easy' 'easier'], predicted=easier
question=['low' 'lower' 'fast' 'faster'], predicted=faster
question=['low' 'lower' 'good' 'better'], predicted=better
question=['low' 'lower' 'large' 'larger'], predicted=larger
question=['low' 'lower' 'long' 'longer'], predicted=longer
question=['new' 'newer' 'old' 'older'], predicted=older
question=['new' 'newer' 'slow' 'slower'], predicted=slower
question=['new' 'newer' 'small' 'smaller'], predicted=smaller
question=['new' 'newer' 'easy' 'easier'], predicted=easier
question=['old' 'older' 'short' 'shorter'], predicted=shorter
question=['old' 'older' 'simple' 'simpler'], predicted=simpler
question=['old' 'older' 'slow' 'slower'], predicted=slower
question=['old' 'older' 'strong' 'stronger'], predicted=stronger
question=['old' 'older' 'tall' 'taller'], predicted=taller
question=['old' 'older' 'weak' 'weaker'], predicted=weaker
question=['old' 'older' 'wide' 'wider'], predicted=wider
question=['old' 'older' 'young' 'younger'], predicted=younger
question=['old' 'older' 'bright' 'brighter'], predicted=brighter
question=['old' 'older' 'easy' 'easier'], predicted=easier
question=['old' 'older' 'good' 'better'], predicted=better
question=['old' 'older' 'large' 'larger'], predicted=larger
question=['old' 'older' 'new' 'newer'], predicted=newer
question=['quick' 'quicker' 'short' 'shorter'], predicted=shorter
question=['quick' 'quicker' 'simple' 'simpler'], predicted=simpler
question=['quick' 'quicker' 'strong' 'stronger'], predicted=stronger
question=['quick' 'quicker' 'tall' 'taller'], predicted=taller
question=['quick' 'quicker' 'wide' 'wider'], predicted=wider
question=['quick' 'quicker' 'bad' 'worse'], predicted=worse
question=['quick' 'quicker' 'cheap' 'cheaper'], predicted=cheaper
question=['quick' 'quicker' 'cold' 'colder'], predicted=colder
question=['quick' 'quicker' 'deep' 'deeper'], predicted=deeper
question=['quick' 'quicker' 'easy' 'easier'], predicted=easier
question=['quick' 'quicker' 'fast' 'faster'], predicted=faster
question=['quick' 'quicker' 'good' 'better'], predicted=better
question=['quick' 'quicker' 'hard' 'harder'], predicted=harder
question=['quick' 'quicker' 'high' 'higher'], predicted=higher
question=['quick' 'quicker' 'hot' 'hotter'], predicted=hotter
question=['quick' 'quicker' 'large' 'larger'], predicted=larger
question=['quick' 'quicker' 'loud' 'louder'], predicted=louder
question=['quick' 'quicker' 'old' 'older'], predicted=older
question=['safe' 'safer' 'sharp' 'sharper'], predicted=sharper
question=['safe' 'safer' 'short' 'shorter'], predicted=shorter
question=['safe' 'safer' 'simple' 'simpler'], predicted=simpler
question=['safe' 'safer' 'slow' 'slower'], predicted=slower
question=['safe' 'safer' 'small' 'smaller'], predicted=smaller
question=['safe' 'safer' 'strong' 'stronger'], predicted=stronger
question=['safe' 'safer' 'tall' 'taller'], predicted=taller
question=['safe' 'safer' 'warm' 'warmer'], predicted=warmer
question=['safe' 'safer' 'wide' 'wider'], predicted=wider
question=['safe' 'safer' 'bright' 'brighter'], predicted=brighter
question=['safe' 'safer' 'deep' 'deeper'], predicted=deeper
question=['safe' 'safer' 'easy' 'easier'], predicted=easier
question=['safe' 'safer' 'fast' 'faster'], predicted=faster
question=['safe' 'safer' 'good' 'better'], predicted=better
question=['safe' 'safer' 'hard' 'harder'], predicted=harder
question=['safe' 'safer' 'high' 'higher'], predicted=higher
question=['safe' 'safer' 'large' 'larger'], predicted=larger
question=['safe' 'safer' 'loud' 'louder'], predicted=louder
question=['safe' 'safer' 'old' 'older'], predicted=older
question=['sharp' 'sharper' 'short' 'shorter'], predicted=shorter
question=['sharp' 'sharper' 'simple' 'simpler'], predicted=simpler
question=['sharp' 'sharper' 'strong' 'stronger'], predicted=stronger
question=['sharp' 'sharper' 'tall' 'taller'], predicted=taller
question=['sharp' 'sharper' 'wide' 'wider'], predicted=wider
question=['sharp' 'sharper' 'bright' 'brighter'], predicted=brighter
question=['sharp' 'sharper' 'deep' 'deeper'], predicted=deeper
question=['sharp' 'sharper' 'easy' 'easier'], predicted=easier
question=['sharp' 'sharper' 'fast' 'faster'], predicted=faster
question=['sharp' 'sharper' 'good' 'better'], predicted=better
question=['sharp' 'sharper' 'hard' 'harder'], predicted=harder
question=['sharp' 'sharper' 'large' 'larger'], predicted=larger
question=['sharp' 'sharper' 'old' 'older'], predicted=older
question=['short' 'shorter' 'simple' 'simpler'], predicted=simpler
question=['short' 'shorter' 'slow' 'slower'], predicted=slower
question=['short' 'shorter' 'small' 'smaller'], predicted=smaller
question=['short' 'shorter' 'strong' 'stronger'], predicted=stronger
question=['short' 'shorter' 'tough' 'tougher'], predicted=tougher
question=['short' 'shorter' 'wide' 'wider'], predicted=wider
question=['short' 'shorter' 'young' 'younger'], predicted=younger
question=['short' 'shorter' 'bright' 'brighter'], predicted=brighter
question=['short' 'shorter' 'cheap' 'cheaper'], predicted=cheaper
question=['short' 'shorter' 'deep' 'deeper'], predicted=deeper
question=['short' 'shorter' 'easy' 'easier'], predicted=easier
question=['short' 'shorter' 'fast' 'faster'], predicted=faster
question=['short' 'shorter' 'good' 'better'], predicted=better
question=['short' 'shorter' 'hard' 'harder'], predicted=harder
question=['short' 'shorter' 'high' 'higher'], predicted=higher
question=['short' 'shorter' 'large' 'larger'], predicted=larger
question=['short' 'shorter' 'long' 'longer'], predicted=longer
question=['short' 'shorter' 'old' 'older'], predicted=older
question=['short' 'shorter' 'safe' 'safer'], predicted=safer
question=['short' 'shorter' 'sharp' 'sharper'], predicted=sharper
question=['simple' 'simpler' 'slow' 'slower'], predicted=slower
question=['simple' 'simpler' 'strong' 'stronger'], predicted=stronger
question=['simple' 'simpler' 'tall' 'taller'], predicted=taller
question=['simple' 'simpler' 'wide' 'wider'], predicted=wider
question=['simple' 'simpler' 'young' 'younger'], predicted=younger
question=['simple' 'simpler' 'bad' 'worse'], predicted=worse
question=['simple' 'simpler' 'big' 'bigger'], predicted=bigger
question=['simple' 'simpler' 'bright' 'brighter'], predicted=brighter
question=['simple' 'simpler' 'cheap' 'cheaper'], predicted=cheaper
question=['simple' 'simpler' 'cold' 'colder'], predicted=colder
question=['simple' 'simpler' 'deep' 'deeper'], predicted=deeper
question=['simple' 'simpler' 'easy' 'easier'], predicted=easier
question=['simple' 'simpler' 'good' 'better'], predicted=better
question=['simple' 'simpler' 'hard' 'harder'], predicted=harder
question=['simple' 'simpler' 'high' 'higher'], predicted=higher
question=['simple' 'simpler' 'hot' 'hotter'], predicted=hotter
question=['simple' 'simpler' 'large' 'larger'], predicted=larger
question=['simple' 'simpler' 'low' 'lower'], predicted=lower
question=['simple' 'simpler' 'old' 'older'], predicted=older
question=['simple' 'simpler' 'sharp' 'sharper'], predicted=sharper
question=['simple' 'simpler' 'short' 'shorter'], predicted=shorter
question=['slow' 'slower' 'strong' 'stronger'], predicted=stronger
question=['slow' 'slower' 'tall' 'taller'], predicted=taller
question=['slow' 'slower' 'warm' 'warmer'], predicted=warmer
question=['slow' 'slower' 'wide' 'wider'], predicted=wider
question=['slow' 'slower' 'young' 'younger'], predicted=younger
question=['slow' 'slower' 'big' 'bigger'], predicted=bigger
question=['slow' 'slower' 'bright' 'brighter'], predicted=brighter
question=['slow' 'slower' 'easy' 'easier'], predicted=easier
question=['slow' 'slower' 'fast' 'faster'], predicted=faster
question=['slow' 'slower' 'good' 'better'], predicted=better
question=['slow' 'slower' 'great' 'greater'], predicted=greater
question=['slow' 'slower' 'high' 'higher'], predicted=higher
question=['slow' 'slower' 'hot' 'hotter'], predicted=hotter
question=['slow' 'slower' 'large' 'larger'], predicted=larger
question=['slow' 'slower' 'old' 'older'], predicted=older
question=['slow' 'slower' 'short' 'shorter'], predicted=shorter
question=['slow' 'slower' 'simple' 'simpler'], predicted=simpler
question=['small' 'smaller' 'strong' 'stronger'], predicted=stronger
question=['small' 'smaller' 'tall' 'taller'], predicted=taller
question=['small' 'smaller' 'tough' 'tougher'], predicted=tougher
question=['small' 'smaller' 'wide' 'wider'], predicted=wider
question=['small' 'smaller' 'young' 'younger'], predicted=younger
question=['small' 'smaller' 'bad' 'worse'], predicted=worse
question=['small' 'smaller' 'big' 'bigger'], predicted=bigger
question=['small' 'smaller' 'bright' 'brighter'], predicted=brighter
question=['small' 'smaller' 'cheap' 'cheaper'], predicted=cheaper
question=['small' 'smaller' 'cold' 'colder'], predicted=colder
question=['small' 'smaller' 'deep' 'deeper'], predicted=deeper
question=['small' 'smaller' 'easy' 'easier'], predicted=easier
question=['small' 'smaller' 'fast' 'faster'], predicted=faster
question=['small' 'smaller' 'good' 'better'], predicted=better
question=['small' 'smaller' 'great' 'greater'], predicted=greater
question=['small' 'smaller' 'hard' 'harder'], predicted=harder
question=['small' 'smaller' 'heavy' 'heavier'], predicted=heavier
question=['small' 'smaller' 'high' 'higher'], predicted=higher
question=['small' 'smaller' 'hot' 'hotter'], predicted=hotter
question=['small' 'smaller' 'large' 'larger'], predicted=larger
question=['small' 'smaller' 'loud' 'louder'], predicted=louder
question=['small' 'smaller' 'old' 'older'], predicted=older
question=['small' 'smaller' 'sharp' 'sharper'], predicted=sharper
question=['small' 'smaller' 'short' 'shorter'], predicted=shorter
question=['small' 'smaller' 'simple' 'simpler'], predicted=simpler
question=['small' 'smaller' 'slow' 'slower'], predicted=slower
question=['smart' 'smarter' 'strong' 'stronger'], predicted=stronger
question=['smart' 'smarter' 'warm' 'warmer'], predicted=warmer
question=['smart' 'smarter' 'wide' 'wider'], predicted=wider
question=['smart' 'smarter' 'bright' 'brighter'], predicted=brighter
question=['smart' 'smarter' 'easy' 'easier'], predicted=easier
question=['smart' 'smarter' 'good' 'better'], predicted=better
question=['smart' 'smarter' 'high' 'higher'], predicted=higher
question=['smart' 'smarter' 'large' 'larger'], predicted=larger
question=['smart' 'smarter' 'long' 'longer'], predicted=longer
question=['smart' 'smarter' 'low' 'lower'], predicted=lower
question=['smart' 'smarter' 'old' 'older'], predicted=older
question=['smart' 'smarter' 'slow' 'slower'], predicted=slower
question=['strong' 'stronger' 'tall' 'taller'], predicted=taller
question=['strong' 'stronger' 'warm' 'warmer'], predicted=warmer
question=['strong' 'stronger' 'weak' 'weaker'], predicted=weaker
question=['strong' 'stronger' 'wide' 'wider'], predicted=wider
question=['strong' 'stronger' 'bad' 'worse'], predicted=worse
question=['strong' 'stronger' 'big' 'bigger'], predicted=bigger
question=['strong' 'stronger' 'bright' 'brighter'], predicted=brighter
question=['strong' 'stronger' 'cheap' 'cheaper'], predicted=cheaper
question=['strong' 'stronger' 'deep' 'deeper'], predicted=deeper
question=['strong' 'stronger' 'easy' 'easier'], predicted=easier
question=['strong' 'stronger' 'fast' 'faster'], predicted=faster
question=['strong' 'stronger' 'good' 'better'], predicted=better
question=['strong' 'stronger' 'great' 'greater'], predicted=greater
question=['strong' 'stronger' 'hard' 'harder'], predicted=harder
question=['strong' 'stronger' 'heavy' 'heavier'], predicted=heavier
question=['strong' 'stronger' 'high' 'higher'], predicted=higher
question=['strong' 'stronger' 'large' 'larger'], predicted=larger
question=['strong' 'stronger' 'long' 'longer'], predicted=longer
question=['strong' 'stronger' 'loud' 'louder'], predicted=louder
question=['strong' 'stronger' 'old' 'older'], predicted=older
question=['strong' 'stronger' 'safe' 'safer'], predicted=safer
question=['strong' 'stronger' 'short' 'shorter'], predicted=shorter
question=['tall' 'taller' 'weak' 'weaker'], predicted=weaker
question=['tall' 'taller' 'wide' 'wider'], predicted=wider
question=['tall' 'taller' 'big' 'bigger'], predicted=bigger
question=['tall' 'taller' 'bright' 'brighter'], predicted=brighter
question=['tall' 'taller' 'cheap' 'cheaper'], predicted=cheaper
question=['tall' 'taller' 'deep' 'deeper'], predicted=deeper
question=['tall' 'taller' 'easy' 'easier'], predicted=easier
question=['tall' 'taller' 'fast' 'faster'], predicted=faster
question=['tall' 'taller' 'great' 'greater'], predicted=greater
question=['tall' 'taller' 'hard' 'harder'], predicted=harder
question=['tall' 'taller' 'high' 'higher'], predicted=higher
question=['tall' 'taller' 'hot' 'hotter'], predicted=hotter
question=['tall' 'taller' 'large' 'larger'], predicted=larger
question=['tall' 'taller' 'loud' 'louder'], predicted=louder
question=['tall' 'taller' 'old' 'older'], predicted=older
question=['tall' 'taller' 'short' 'shorter'], predicted=shorter
question=['tall' 'taller' 'slow' 'slower'], predicted=slower
question=['tall' 'taller' 'strong' 'stronger'], predicted=stronger
question=['tight' 'tighter' 'warm' 'warmer'], predicted=warmer
question=['tight' 'tighter' 'wide' 'wider'], predicted=wider
question=['tight' 'tighter' 'cheap' 'cheaper'], predicted=cheaper
question=['tight' 'tighter' 'easy' 'easier'], predicted=easier
question=['tight' 'tighter' 'good' 'better'], predicted=better
question=['tight' 'tighter' 'high' 'higher'], predicted=higher
question=['tight' 'tighter' 'hot' 'hotter'], predicted=hotter
question=['tight' 'tighter' 'large' 'larger'], predicted=larger
question=['tight' 'tighter' 'long' 'longer'], predicted=longer
question=['tight' 'tighter' 'old' 'older'], predicted=older
question=['tight' 'tighter' 'slow' 'slower'], predicted=slower
question=['tight' 'tighter' 'small' 'smaller'], predicted=smaller
question=['tight' 'tighter' 'tall' 'taller'], predicted=taller
question=['tough' 'tougher' 'weak' 'weaker'], predicted=weaker
question=['tough' 'tougher' 'wide' 'wider'], predicted=wider
question=['tough' 'tougher' 'bright' 'brighter'], predicted=brighter
question=['tough' 'tougher' 'cheap' 'cheaper'], predicted=cheaper
question=['tough' 'tougher' 'easy' 'easier'], predicted=easier
question=['tough' 'tougher' 'fast' 'faster'], predicted=faster
question=['tough' 'tougher' 'great' 'greater'], predicted=greater
question=['tough' 'tougher' 'hard' 'harder'], predicted=harder
question=['tough' 'tougher' 'high' 'higher'], predicted=higher
question=['tough' 'tougher' 'large' 'larger'], predicted=larger
question=['tough' 'tougher' 'quick' 'quicker'], predicted=quicker
question=['tough' 'tougher' 'short' 'shorter'], predicted=shorter
question=['tough' 'tougher' 'simple' 'simpler'], predicted=simpler
question=['tough' 'tougher' 'small' 'smaller'], predicted=smaller
question=['tough' 'tougher' 'strong' 'stronger'], predicted=stronger
question=['tough' 'tougher' 'tall' 'taller'], predicted=taller
question=['warm' 'warmer' 'weak' 'weaker'], predicted=weaker
question=['warm' 'warmer' 'wide' 'wider'], predicted=wider
question=['warm' 'warmer' 'bright' 'brighter'], predicted=brighter
question=['warm' 'warmer' 'cheap' 'cheaper'], predicted=cheaper
question=['warm' 'warmer' 'cool' 'cooler'], predicted=cooler
question=['warm' 'warmer' 'deep' 'deeper'], predicted=deeper
question=['warm' 'warmer' 'easy' 'easier'], predicted=easier
question=['warm' 'warmer' 'fast' 'faster'], predicted=faster
question=['warm' 'warmer' 'great' 'greater'], predicted=greater
question=['warm' 'warmer' 'hard' 'harder'], predicted=harder
question=['warm' 'warmer' 'short' 'shorter'], predicted=shorter
question=['warm' 'warmer' 'simple' 'simpler'], predicted=simpler
question=['warm' 'warmer' 'small' 'smaller'], predicted=smaller
question=['warm' 'warmer' 'strong' 'stronger'], predicted=stronger
question=['warm' 'warmer' 'tall' 'taller'], predicted=taller
question=['weak' 'weaker' 'wide' 'wider'], predicted=wider
question=['weak' 'weaker' 'bright' 'brighter'], predicted=brighter
question=['weak' 'weaker' 'cheap' 'cheaper'], predicted=cheaper
question=['weak' 'weaker' 'easy' 'easier'], predicted=easier
question=['weak' 'weaker' 'fast' 'faster'], predicted=faster
question=['weak' 'weaker' 'good' 'better'], predicted=better
question=['weak' 'weaker' 'hard' 'harder'], predicted=harder
question=['weak' 'weaker' 'high' 'higher'], predicted=higher
question=['weak' 'weaker' 'hot' 'hotter'], predicted=hotter
question=['weak' 'weaker' 'large' 'larger'], predicted=larger
question=['weak' 'weaker' 'long' 'longer'], predicted=longer
question=['weak' 'weaker' 'old' 'older'], predicted=older
question=['weak' 'weaker' 'sharp' 'sharper'], predicted=sharper
question=['weak' 'weaker' 'short' 'shorter'], predicted=shorter
question=['weak' 'weaker' 'simple' 'simpler'], predicted=simpler
question=['weak' 'weaker' 'slow' 'slower'], predicted=slower
question=['weak' 'weaker' 'small' 'smaller'], predicted=smaller
question=['weak' 'weaker' 'strong' 'stronger'], predicted=stronger
question=['weak' 'weaker' 'tall' 'taller'], predicted=taller
question=['weak' 'weaker' 'warm' 'warmer'], predicted=warmer
question=['wide' 'wider' 'young' 'younger'], predicted=younger
question=['wide' 'wider' 'bright' 'brighter'], predicted=brighter
question=['wide' 'wider' 'cheap' 'cheaper'], predicted=cheaper
question=['wide' 'wider' 'deep' 'deeper'], predicted=deeper
question=['wide' 'wider' 'easy' 'easier'], predicted=easier
question=['wide' 'wider' 'good' 'better'], predicted=better
question=['wide' 'wider' 'hard' 'harder'], predicted=harder
question=['wide' 'wider' 'heavy' 'heavier'], predicted=heavier
question=['wide' 'wider' 'high' 'higher'], predicted=higher
question=['wide' 'wider' 'hot' 'hotter'], predicted=hotter
question=['wide' 'wider' 'large' 'larger'], predicted=larger
question=['wide' 'wider' 'low' 'lower'], predicted=lower
question=['wide' 'wider' 'old' 'older'], predicted=older
question=['wide' 'wider' 'short' 'shorter'], predicted=shorter
question=['wide' 'wider' 'simple' 'simpler'], predicted=simpler
question=['wide' 'wider' 'slow' 'slower'], predicted=slower
question=['wide' 'wider' 'strong' 'stronger'], predicted=stronger
question=['wide' 'wider' 'tall' 'taller'], predicted=taller
question=['young' 'younger' 'bright' 'brighter'], predicted=brighter
question=['young' 'younger' 'easy' 'easier'], predicted=easier
question=['young' 'younger' 'good' 'better'], predicted=better
question=['young' 'younger' 'low' 'lower'], predicted=lower
question=['young' 'younger' 'old' 'older'], predicted=older
question=['young' 'younger' 'slow' 'slower'], predicted=slower
question=['young' 'younger' 'tall' 'taller'], predicted=taller
question=['young' 'younger' 'warm' 'warmer'], predicted=warmer
question=['young' 'younger' 'weak' 'weaker'], predicted=weaker
question=['young' 'younger' 'wide' 'wider'], predicted=wider
question=['bad' 'worst' 'bright' 'brightest'], predicted=brightest
question=['bad' 'worst' 'fast' 'fastest'], predicted=fastest
question=['bad' 'worst' 'good' 'best'], predicted=best
question=['bad' 'worst' 'great' 'greatest'], predicted=greatest
question=['bad' 'worst' 'high' 'highest'], predicted=highest
question=['bad' 'worst' 'long' 'longest'], predicted=longest
question=['bad' 'worst' 'simple' 'simplest'], predicted=simplest
question=['bad' 'worst' 'strong' 'strongest'], predicted=strongest
question=['bad' 'worst' 'tall' 'tallest'], predicted=tallest
question=['big' 'biggest' 'fast' 'fastest'], predicted=fastest
question=['big' 'biggest' 'great' 'greatest'], predicted=greatest
question=['big' 'biggest' 'high' 'highest'], predicted=highest
question=['big' 'biggest' 'large' 'largest'], predicted=largest
question=['big' 'biggest' 'long' 'longest'], predicted=longest
question=['big' 'biggest' 'old' 'oldest'], predicted=oldest
question=['big' 'biggest' 'strong' 'strongest'], predicted=strongest
question=['bright' 'brightest' 'great' 'greatest'], predicted=greatest
question=['bright' 'brightest' 'long' 'longest'], predicted=longest
question=['bright' 'brightest' 'tall' 'tallest'], predicted=tallest
question=['bright' 'brightest' 'wide' 'widest'], predicted=widest
question=['cold' 'coldest' 'great' 'greatest'], predicted=greatest
question=['cold' 'coldest' 'high' 'highest'], predicted=highest
question=['cold' 'coldest' 'long' 'longest'], predicted=longest
question=['cold' 'coldest' 'warm' 'warmest'], predicted=warmest
question=['cool' 'coolest' 'warm' 'warmest'], predicted=warmest
question=['dark' 'darkest' 'great' 'greatest'], predicted=greatest
question=['dark' 'darkest' 'long' 'longest'], predicted=longest
question=['dark' 'darkest' 'bad' 'worst'], predicted=worst
question=['dark' 'darkest' 'big' 'biggest'], predicted=biggest
question=['easy' 'easiest' 'great' 'greatest'], predicted=greatest
question=['easy' 'easiest' 'simple' 'simplest'], predicted=simplest
question=['easy' 'easiest' 'strong' 'strongest'], predicted=strongest
question=['easy' 'easiest' 'weak' 'weakest'], predicted=weakest
question=['fast' 'fastest' 'great' 'greatest'], predicted=greatest
question=['fast' 'fastest' 'high' 'highest'], predicted=highest
question=['fast' 'fastest' 'large' 'largest'], predicted=largest
question=['fast' 'fastest' 'long' 'longest'], predicted=longest
question=['fast' 'fastest' 'low' 'lowest'], predicted=lowest
question=['fast' 'fastest' 'old' 'oldest'], predicted=oldest
question=['fast' 'fastest' 'quick' 'quickest'], predicted=quickest
question=['fast' 'fastest' 'simple' 'simplest'], predicted=simplest
question=['fast' 'fastest' 'strong' 'strongest'], predicted=strongest
question=['fast' 'fastest' 'tall' 'tallest'], predicted=tallest
question=['fast' 'fastest' 'young' 'youngest'], predicted=youngest
question=['fast' 'fastest' 'bad' 'worst'], predicted=worst
question=['fast' 'fastest' 'big' 'biggest'], predicted=biggest
question=['good' 'best' 'great' 'greatest'], predicted=greatest
question=['good' 'best' 'high' 'highest'], predicted=highest
question=['good' 'best' 'old' 'oldest'], predicted=oldest
question=['good' 'best' 'simple' 'simplest'], predicted=simplest
question=['good' 'best' 'strong' 'strongest'], predicted=strongest
question=['good' 'best' 'bad' 'worst'], predicted=worst
question=['good' 'best' 'bright' 'brightest'], predicted=brightest
question=['great' 'greatest' 'long' 'longest'], predicted=longest
question=['great' 'greatest' 'weak' 'weakest'], predicted=weakest
question=['great' 'greatest' 'big' 'biggest'], predicted=biggest
question=['great' 'greatest' 'bright' 'brightest'], predicted=brightest
question=['great' 'greatest' 'fast' 'fastest'], predicted=fastest
question=['high' 'highest' 'large' 'largest'], predicted=largest
question=['high' 'highest' 'long' 'longest'], predicted=longest
question=['high' 'highest' 'low' 'lowest'], predicted=lowest
question=['high' 'highest' 'old' 'oldest'], predicted=oldest
question=['high' 'highest' 'strong' 'strongest'], predicted=strongest
question=['high' 'highest' 'tall' 'tallest'], predicted=tallest
question=['high' 'highest' 'bad' 'worst'], predicted=worst
question=['high' 'highest' 'big' 'biggest'], predicted=biggest
question=['high' 'highest' 'cold' 'coldest'], predicted=coldest
question=['high' 'highest' 'fast' 'fastest'], predicted=fastest
question=['high' 'highest' 'great' 'greatest'], predicted=greatest
question=['hot' 'hottest' 'long' 'longest'], predicted=longest
question=['hot' 'hottest' 'old' 'oldest'], predicted=oldest
question=['hot' 'hottest' 'warm' 'warmest'], predicted=warmest
question=['hot' 'hottest' 'fast' 'fastest'], predicted=fastest
question=['hot' 'hottest' 'great' 'greatest'], predicted=greatest
question=['large' 'largest' 'long' 'longest'], predicted=longest
question=['large' 'largest' 'old' 'oldest'], predicted=oldest
question=['large' 'largest' 'strong' 'strongest'], predicted=strongest
question=['large' 'largest' 'tall' 'tallest'], predicted=tallest
question=['large' 'largest' 'young' 'youngest'], predicted=youngest
question=['large' 'largest' 'big' 'biggest'], predicted=biggest
question=['large' 'largest' 'bright' 'brightest'], predicted=brightest
question=['large' 'largest' 'fast' 'fastest'], predicted=fastest
question=['large' 'largest' 'high' 'highest'], predicted=highest
question=['long' 'longest' 'old' 'oldest'], predicted=oldest
question=['long' 'longest' 'simple' 'simplest'], predicted=simplest
question=['long' 'longest' 'short' 'shortest'], predicted=shortest
question=['long' 'longest' 'strong' 'strongest'], predicted=strongest
question=['long' 'longest' 'tall' 'tallest'], predicted=tallest
question=['long' 'longest' 'young' 'youngest'], predicted=youngest
question=['long' 'longest' 'big' 'biggest'], predicted=biggest
question=['long' 'longest' 'fast' 'fastest'], predicted=fastest
question=['long' 'longest' 'great' 'greatest'], predicted=greatest
question=['long' 'longest' 'high' 'highest'], predicted=highest
question=['long' 'longest' 'large' 'largest'], predicted=largest
question=['low' 'lowest' 'old' 'oldest'], predicted=oldest
question=['low' 'lowest' 'simple' 'simplest'], predicted=simplest
question=['low' 'lowest' 'short' 'shortest'], predicted=shortest
question=['low' 'lowest' 'small' 'smallest'], predicted=smallest
question=['low' 'lowest' 'tall' 'tallest'], predicted=tallest
question=['low' 'lowest' 'weak' 'weakest'], predicted=weakest
question=['low' 'lowest' 'young' 'youngest'], predicted=youngest
question=['low' 'lowest' 'bright' 'brightest'], predicted=brightest
question=['low' 'lowest' 'cold' 'coldest'], predicted=coldest
question=['low' 'lowest' 'easy' 'easiest'], predicted=easiest
question=['low' 'lowest' 'great' 'greatest'], predicted=greatest
question=['low' 'lowest' 'high' 'highest'], predicted=highest
question=['low' 'lowest' 'large' 'largest'], predicted=largest
question=['low' 'lowest' 'long' 'longest'], predicted=longest
question=['old' 'oldest' 'simple' 'simplest'], predicted=simplest
question=['old' 'oldest' 'strong' 'strongest'], predicted=strongest
question=['old' 'oldest' 'tall' 'tallest'], predicted=tallest
question=['old' 'oldest' 'fast' 'fastest'], predicted=fastest
question=['old' 'oldest' 'great' 'greatest'], predicted=greatest
question=['old' 'oldest' 'large' 'largest'], predicted=largest
question=['old' 'oldest' 'long' 'longest'], predicted=longest
question=['quick' 'quickest' 'short' 'shortest'], predicted=shortest
question=['quick' 'quickest' 'strong' 'strongest'], predicted=strongest
question=['quick' 'quickest' 'tall' 'tallest'], predicted=tallest
question=['quick' 'quickest' 'fast' 'fastest'], predicted=fastest
question=['quick' 'quickest' 'great' 'greatest'], predicted=greatest
question=['quick' 'quickest' 'high' 'highest'], predicted=highest
question=['quick' 'quickest' 'low' 'lowest'], predicted=lowest
question=['sharp' 'sharpest' 'wide' 'widest'], predicted=widest
question=['simple' 'simplest' 'strong' 'strongest'], predicted=strongest
question=['simple' 'simplest' 'wide' 'widest'], predicted=widest
question=['simple' 'simplest' 'easy' 'easiest'], predicted=easiest
question=['simple' 'simplest' 'fast' 'fastest'], predicted=fastest
question=['simple' 'simplest' 'long' 'longest'], predicted=longest
question=['simple' 'simplest' 'old' 'oldest'], predicted=oldest
question=['short' 'shortest' 'small' 'smallest'], predicted=smallest
question=['short' 'shortest' 'young' 'youngest'], predicted=youngest
question=['short' 'shortest' 'fast' 'fastest'], predicted=fastest
question=['short' 'shortest' 'high' 'highest'], predicted=highest
question=['short' 'shortest' 'long' 'longest'], predicted=longest
question=['short' 'shortest' 'old' 'oldest'], predicted=oldest
question=['slow' 'slowest' 'strong' 'strongest'], predicted=strongest
question=['slow' 'slowest' 'wide' 'widest'], predicted=widest
question=['slow' 'slowest' 'great' 'greatest'], predicted=greatest
question=['slow' 'slowest' 'simple' 'simplest'], predicted=simplest
question=['small' 'smallest' 'strong' 'strongest'], predicted=strongest
question=['small' 'smallest' 'tall' 'tallest'], predicted=tallest
question=['small' 'smallest' 'weak' 'weakest'], predicted=weakest
question=['small' 'smallest' 'fast' 'fastest'], predicted=fastest
question=['small' 'smallest' 'great' 'greatest'], predicted=greatest
question=['small' 'smallest' 'high' 'highest'], predicted=highest
question=['small' 'smallest' 'large' 'largest'], predicted=largest
question=['small' 'smallest' 'long' 'longest'], predicted=longest
question=['small' 'smallest' 'low' 'lowest'], predicted=lowest
question=['small' 'smallest' 'old' 'oldest'], predicted=oldest
question=['small' 'smallest' 'short' 'shortest'], predicted=shortest
question=['smart' 'smartest' 'strong' 'strongest'], predicted=strongest
question=['smart' 'smartest' 'fast' 'fastest'], predicted=fastest
question=['smart' 'smartest' 'great' 'greatest'], predicted=greatest
question=['smart' 'smartest' 'high' 'highest'], predicted=highest
question=['smart' 'smartest' 'simple' 'simplest'], predicted=simplest
question=['strange' 'strangest' 'great' 'greatest'], predicted=greatest
question=['strong' 'strongest' 'tall' 'tallest'], predicted=tallest
question=['strong' 'strongest' 'weak' 'weakest'], predicted=weakest
question=['strong' 'strongest' 'wide' 'widest'], predicted=widest
question=['strong' 'strongest' 'young' 'youngest'], predicted=youngest
question=['strong' 'strongest' 'bad' 'worst'], predicted=worst
question=['strong' 'strongest' 'big' 'biggest'], predicted=biggest
question=['strong' 'strongest' 'fast' 'fastest'], predicted=fastest
question=['strong' 'strongest' 'good' 'best'], predicted=best
question=['strong' 'strongest' 'great' 'greatest'], predicted=greatest
question=['strong' 'strongest' 'high' 'highest'], predicted=highest
question=['strong' 'strongest' 'large' 'largest'], predicted=largest
question=['strong' 'strongest' 'long' 'longest'], predicted=longest
question=['strong' 'strongest' 'old' 'oldest'], predicted=oldest
question=['strong' 'strongest' 'simple' 'simplest'], predicted=simplest
question=['sweet' 'sweetest' 'great' 'greatest'], predicted=greatest
question=['tall' 'tallest' 'bright' 'brightest'], predicted=brightest
question=['tall' 'tallest' 'fast' 'fastest'], predicted=fastest
question=['tall' 'tallest' 'great' 'greatest'], predicted=greatest
question=['tall' 'tallest' 'high' 'highest'], predicted=highest
question=['tall' 'tallest' 'long' 'longest'], predicted=longest
question=['tall' 'tallest' 'old' 'oldest'], predicted=oldest
question=['tall' 'tallest' 'simple' 'simplest'], predicted=simplest
question=['tall' 'tallest' 'strong' 'strongest'], predicted=strongest
question=['warm' 'warmest' 'cold' 'coldest'], predicted=coldest
question=['weak' 'weakest' 'big' 'biggest'], predicted=biggest
question=['weak' 'weakest' 'good' 'best'], predicted=best
question=['weak' 'weakest' 'great' 'greatest'], predicted=greatest
question=['weak' 'weakest' 'high' 'highest'], predicted=highest
question=['weak' 'weakest' 'long' 'longest'], predicted=longest
question=['weak' 'weakest' 'old' 'oldest'], predicted=oldest
question=['wide' 'widest' 'long' 'longest'], predicted=longest
question=['wide' 'widest' 'simple' 'simplest'], predicted=simplest
question=['young' 'youngest' 'big' 'biggest'], predicted=biggest
question=['young' 'youngest' 'fast' 'fastest'], predicted=fastest
question=['young' 'youngest' 'great' 'greatest'], predicted=greatest
question=['young' 'youngest' 'high' 'highest'], predicted=highest
question=['young' 'youngest' 'large' 'largest'], predicted=largest
question=['young' 'youngest' 'long' 'longest'], predicted=longest
question=['young' 'youngest' 'old' 'oldest'], predicted=oldest
question=['young' 'youngest' 'strong' 'strongest'], predicted=strongest
question=['young' 'youngest' 'tall' 'tallest'], predicted=tallest
question=['young' 'youngest' 'wide' 'widest'], predicted=widest
question=['code' 'coding' 'move' 'moving'], predicted=moving
question=['code' 'coding' 'play' 'playing'], predicted=playing
question=['code' 'coding' 'sit' 'sitting'], predicted=sitting
question=['code' 'coding' 'walk' 'walking'], predicted=walking
question=['dance' 'dancing' 'fly' 'flying'], predicted=flying
question=['dance' 'dancing' 'go' 'going'], predicted=going
question=['dance' 'dancing' 'move' 'moving'], predicted=moving
question=['dance' 'dancing' 'play' 'playing'], predicted=playing
question=['dance' 'dancing' 'run' 'running'], predicted=running
question=['dance' 'dancing' 'sit' 'sitting'], predicted=sitting
question=['dance' 'dancing' 'walk' 'walking'], predicted=walking
question=['debug' 'debugging' 'describe' 'describing'], predicted=describing
question=['debug' 'debugging' 'look' 'looking'], predicted=looking
question=['debug' 'debugging' 'move' 'moving'], predicted=moving
question=['debug' 'debugging' 'play' 'playing'], predicted=playing
question=['debug' 'debugging' 'run' 'running'], predicted=running
question=['debug' 'debugging' 'say' 'saying'], predicted=saying
question=['debug' 'debugging' 'walk' 'walking'], predicted=walking
question=['debug' 'debugging' 'write' 'writing'], predicted=writing
question=['decrease' 'decreasing' 'enhance' 'enhancing'], predicted=enhancing
question=['decrease' 'decreasing' 'go' 'going'], predicted=going
question=['decrease' 'decreasing' 'implement' 'implementing'], predicted=implementing
question=['decrease' 'decreasing' 'increase' 'increasing'], predicted=increasing
question=['decrease' 'decreasing' 'run' 'running'], predicted=running
question=['decrease' 'decreasing' 'walk' 'walking'], predicted=walking
question=['describe' 'describing' 'discover' 'discovering'], predicted=discovering
question=['describe' 'describing' 'enhance' 'enhancing'], predicted=enhancing
question=['describe' 'describing' 'go' 'going'], predicted=going
question=['describe' 'describing' 'implement' 'implementing'], predicted=implementing
question=['describe' 'describing' 'play' 'playing'], predicted=playing
question=['describe' 'describing' 'run' 'running'], predicted=running
question=['describe' 'describing' 'debug' 'debugging'], predicted=debugging
question=['discover' 'discovering' 'enhance' 'enhancing'], predicted=enhancing
question=['discover' 'discovering' 'implement' 'implementing'], predicted=implementing
question=['discover' 'discovering' 'play' 'playing'], predicted=playing
question=['discover' 'discovering' 'run' 'running'], predicted=running
question=['discover' 'discovering' 'say' 'saying'], predicted=saying
question=['discover' 'discovering' 'walk' 'walking'], predicted=walking
question=['discover' 'discovering' 'describe' 'describing'], predicted=describing
question=['enhance' 'enhancing' 'generate' 'generating'], predicted=generating
question=['enhance' 'enhancing' 'move' 'moving'], predicted=moving
question=['enhance' 'enhancing' 'run' 'running'], predicted=running
question=['enhance' 'enhancing' 'describe' 'describing'], predicted=describing
question=['fly' 'flying' 'implement' 'implementing'], predicted=implementing
question=['fly' 'flying' 'look' 'looking'], predicted=looking
question=['fly' 'flying' 'move' 'moving'], predicted=moving
question=['fly' 'flying' 'play' 'playing'], predicted=playing
question=['fly' 'flying' 'say' 'saying'], predicted=saying
question=['fly' 'flying' 'walk' 'walking'], predicted=walking
question=['fly' 'flying' 'write' 'writing'], predicted=writing
question=['fly' 'flying' 'describe' 'describing'], predicted=describing
question=['generate' 'generating' 'go' 'going'], predicted=going
question=['generate' 'generating' 'implement' 'implementing'], predicted=implementing
question=['generate' 'generating' 'look' 'looking'], predicted=looking
question=['generate' 'generating' 'move' 'moving'], predicted=moving
question=['generate' 'generating' 'play' 'playing'], predicted=playing
question=['generate' 'generating' 'predict' 'predicting'], predicted=predicting
question=['generate' 'generating' 'run' 'running'], predicted=running
question=['generate' 'generating' 'walk' 'walking'], predicted=walking
question=['generate' 'generating' 'write' 'writing'], predicted=writing
question=['generate' 'generating' 'describe' 'describing'], predicted=describing
question=['generate' 'generating' 'enhance' 'enhancing'], predicted=enhancing
question=['go' 'going' 'move' 'moving'], predicted=moving
question=['go' 'going' 'run' 'running'], predicted=running
question=['go' 'going' 'say' 'saying'], predicted=saying
question=['go' 'going' 'sit' 'sitting'], predicted=sitting
question=['implement' 'implementing' 'look' 'looking'], predicted=looking
question=['implement' 'implementing' 'move' 'moving'], predicted=moving
question=['implement' 'implementing' 'play' 'playing'], predicted=playing
question=['implement' 'implementing' 'read' 'reading'], predicted=reading
question=['implement' 'implementing' 'walk' 'walking'], predicted=walking
question=['implement' 'implementing' 'write' 'writing'], predicted=writing
question=['implement' 'implementing' 'generate' 'generating'], predicted=generating
question=['implement' 'implementing' 'go' 'going'], predicted=going
question=['increase' 'increasing' 'move' 'moving'], predicted=moving
question=['increase' 'increasing' 'play' 'playing'], predicted=playing
question=['increase' 'increasing' 'run' 'running'], predicted=running
question=['increase' 'increasing' 'decrease' 'decreasing'], predicted=decreasing
question=['increase' 'increasing' 'enhance' 'enhancing'], predicted=enhancing
question=['invent' 'inventing' 'look' 'looking'], predicted=looking
question=['invent' 'inventing' 'move' 'moving'], predicted=moving
question=['invent' 'inventing' 'play' 'playing'], predicted=playing
question=['invent' 'inventing' 'sit' 'sitting'], predicted=sitting
question=['invent' 'inventing' 'describe' 'describing'], predicted=describing
question=['invent' 'inventing' 'enhance' 'enhancing'], predicted=enhancing
question=['invent' 'inventing' 'increase' 'increasing'], predicted=increasing
question=['jump' 'jumping' 'play' 'playing'], predicted=playing
question=['jump' 'jumping' 'run' 'running'], predicted=running
question=['jump' 'jumping' 'walk' 'walking'], predicted=walking
question=['jump' 'jumping' 'describe' 'describing'], predicted=describing
question=['listen' 'listening' 'play' 'playing'], predicted=playing
question=['listen' 'listening' 'run' 'running'], predicted=running
question=['listen' 'listening' 'discover' 'discovering'], predicted=discovering
question=['listen' 'listening' 'go' 'going'], predicted=going
question=['listen' 'listening' 'implement' 'implementing'], predicted=implementing
question=['look' 'looking' 'move' 'moving'], predicted=moving
question=['look' 'looking' 'run' 'running'], predicted=running
question=['look' 'looking' 'say' 'saying'], predicted=saying
question=['look' 'looking' 'sit' 'sitting'], predicted=sitting
question=['look' 'looking' 'debug' 'debugging'], predicted=debugging
question=['look' 'looking' 'enhance' 'enhancing'], predicted=enhancing
question=['look' 'looking' 'go' 'going'], predicted=going
question=['look' 'looking' 'implement' 'implementing'], predicted=implementing
question=['move' 'moving' 'play' 'playing'], predicted=playing
question=['move' 'moving' 'run' 'running'], predicted=running
question=['move' 'moving' 'sit' 'sitting'], predicted=sitting
question=['move' 'moving' 'walk' 'walking'], predicted=walking
question=['move' 'moving' 'dance' 'dancing'], predicted=dancing
question=['move' 'moving' 'describe' 'describing'], predicted=describing
question=['move' 'moving' 'enhance' 'enhancing'], predicted=enhancing
question=['move' 'moving' 'fly' 'flying'], predicted=flying
question=['move' 'moving' 'increase' 'increasing'], predicted=increasing
question=['move' 'moving' 'look' 'looking'], predicted=looking
question=['play' 'playing' 'run' 'running'], predicted=running
question=['play' 'playing' 'say' 'saying'], predicted=saying
question=['play' 'playing' 'sit' 'sitting'], predicted=sitting
question=['play' 'playing' 'walk' 'walking'], predicted=walking
question=['play' 'playing' 'write' 'writing'], predicted=writing
question=['play' 'playing' 'describe' 'describing'], predicted=describing
question=['play' 'playing' 'enhance' 'enhancing'], predicted=enhancing
question=['play' 'playing' 'fly' 'flying'], predicted=flying
question=['play' 'playing' 'go' 'going'], predicted=going
question=['play' 'playing' 'increase' 'increasing'], predicted=increasing
question=['play' 'playing' 'move' 'moving'], predicted=moving
question=['predict' 'predicting' 'run' 'running'], predicted=running
question=['predict' 'predicting' 'say' 'saying'], predicted=saying
question=['predict' 'predicting' 'sit' 'sitting'], predicted=sitting
question=['predict' 'predicting' 'walk' 'walking'], predicted=walking
question=['predict' 'predicting' 'dance' 'dancing'], predicted=dancing
question=['predict' 'predicting' 'discover' 'discovering'], predicted=discovering
question=['predict' 'predicting' 'enhance' 'enhancing'], predicted=enhancing
question=['predict' 'predicting' 'generate' 'generating'], predicted=generating
question=['predict' 'predicting' 'move' 'moving'], predicted=moving
question=['read' 'reading' 'run' 'running'], predicted=running
question=['read' 'reading' 'walk' 'walking'], predicted=walking
question=['read' 'reading' 'write' 'writing'], predicted=writing
question=['read' 'reading' 'enhance' 'enhancing'], predicted=enhancing
question=['read' 'reading' 'generate' 'generating'], predicted=generating
question=['read' 'reading' 'look' 'looking'], predicted=looking
question=['read' 'reading' 'play' 'playing'], predicted=playing
question=['run' 'running' 'walk' 'walking'], predicted=walking
question=['run' 'running' 'debug' 'debugging'], predicted=debugging
question=['run' 'running' 'enhance' 'enhancing'], predicted=enhancing
question=['run' 'running' 'go' 'going'], predicted=going
question=['run' 'running' 'implement' 'implementing'], predicted=implementing
question=['run' 'running' 'move' 'moving'], predicted=moving
question=['run' 'running' 'play' 'playing'], predicted=playing
question=['say' 'saying' 'sit' 'sitting'], predicted=sitting
question=['say' 'saying' 'walk' 'walking'], predicted=walking
question=['say' 'saying' 'describe' 'describing'], predicted=describing
question=['say' 'saying' 'enhance' 'enhancing'], predicted=enhancing
question=['say' 'saying' 'go' 'going'], predicted=going
question=['say' 'saying' 'look' 'looking'], predicted=looking
question=['say' 'saying' 'move' 'moving'], predicted=moving
question=['say' 'saying' 'play' 'playing'], predicted=playing
question=['say' 'saying' 'predict' 'predicting'], predicted=predicting
question=['say' 'saying' 'run' 'running'], predicted=running
question=['scream' 'screaming' 'sit' 'sitting'], predicted=sitting
question=['scream' 'screaming' 'walk' 'walking'], predicted=walking
question=['scream' 'screaming' 'enhance' 'enhancing'], predicted=enhancing
question=['scream' 'screaming' 'generate' 'generating'], predicted=generating
question=['scream' 'screaming' 'look' 'looking'], predicted=looking
question=['scream' 'screaming' 'move' 'moving'], predicted=moving
question=['scream' 'screaming' 'run' 'running'], predicted=running
question=['see' 'seeing' 'dance' 'dancing'], predicted=dancing
question=['see' 'seeing' 'go' 'going'], predicted=going
question=['see' 'seeing' 'play' 'playing'], predicted=playing
question=['see' 'seeing' 'run' 'running'], predicted=running
question=['see' 'seeing' 'say' 'saying'], predicted=saying
question=['shuffle' 'shuffling' 'play' 'playing'], predicted=playing
question=['shuffle' 'shuffling' 'run' 'running'], predicted=running
question=['sing' 'singing' 'walk' 'walking'], predicted=walking
question=['sing' 'singing' 'dance' 'dancing'], predicted=dancing
question=['sing' 'singing' 'describe' 'describing'], predicted=describing
question=['sing' 'singing' 'enhance' 'enhancing'], predicted=enhancing
question=['sing' 'singing' 'fly' 'flying'], predicted=flying
question=['sing' 'singing' 'implement' 'implementing'], predicted=implementing
question=['sing' 'singing' 'increase' 'increasing'], predicted=increasing
question=['sing' 'singing' 'play' 'playing'], predicted=playing
question=['sing' 'singing' 'read' 'reading'], predicted=reading
question=['sing' 'singing' 'run' 'running'], predicted=running
question=['sit' 'sitting' 'walk' 'walking'], predicted=walking
question=['sit' 'sitting' 'enhance' 'enhancing'], predicted=enhancing
question=['sit' 'sitting' 'go' 'going'], predicted=going
question=['sit' 'sitting' 'look' 'looking'], predicted=looking
question=['sit' 'sitting' 'move' 'moving'], predicted=moving
question=['sit' 'sitting' 'play' 'playing'], predicted=playing
question=['sit' 'sitting' 'run' 'running'], predicted=running
question=['sit' 'sitting' 'say' 'saying'], predicted=saying
question=['slow' 'slowing' 'walk' 'walking'], predicted=walking
question=['slow' 'slowing' 'enhance' 'enhancing'], predicted=enhancing
question=['slow' 'slowing' 'generate' 'generating'], predicted=generating
question=['slow' 'slowing' 'go' 'going'], predicted=going
question=['slow' 'slowing' 'implement' 'implementing'], predicted=implementing
question=['slow' 'slowing' 'look' 'looking'], predicted=looking
question=['slow' 'slowing' 'play' 'playing'], predicted=playing
question=['slow' 'slowing' 'run' 'running'], predicted=running
question=['swim' 'swimming' 'walk' 'walking'], predicted=walking
question=['swim' 'swimming' 'generate' 'generating'], predicted=generating
question=['swim' 'swimming' 'run' 'running'], predicted=running
question=['think' 'thinking' 'walk' 'walking'], predicted=walking
question=['think' 'thinking' 'write' 'writing'], predicted=writing
question=['think' 'thinking' 'enhance' 'enhancing'], predicted=enhancing
question=['think' 'thinking' 'look' 'looking'], predicted=looking
question=['think' 'thinking' 'play' 'playing'], predicted=playing
question=['vanish' 'vanishing' 'enhance' 'enhancing'], predicted=enhancing
question=['vanish' 'vanishing' 'go' 'going'], predicted=going
question=['vanish' 'vanishing' 'run' 'running'], predicted=running
question=['walk' 'walking' 'dance' 'dancing'], predicted=dancing
question=['walk' 'walking' 'debug' 'debugging'], predicted=debugging
question=['walk' 'walking' 'describe' 'describing'], predicted=describing
question=['walk' 'walking' 'go' 'going'], predicted=going
question=['walk' 'walking' 'implement' 'implementing'], predicted=implementing
question=['walk' 'walking' 'look' 'looking'], predicted=looking
question=['walk' 'walking' 'play' 'playing'], predicted=playing
question=['walk' 'walking' 'read' 'reading'], predicted=reading
question=['walk' 'walking' 'run' 'running'], predicted=running
question=['walk' 'walking' 'sit' 'sitting'], predicted=sitting
question=['write' 'writing' 'describe' 'describing'], predicted=describing
question=['write' 'writing' 'go' 'going'], predicted=going
question=['write' 'writing' 'implement' 'implementing'], predicted=implementing
question=['write' 'writing' 'look' 'looking'], predicted=looking
question=['write' 'writing' 'play' 'playing'], predicted=playing
question=['write' 'writing' 'read' 'reading'], predicted=reading
question=['write' 'writing' 'run' 'running'], predicted=running
question=['write' 'writing' 'think' 'thinking'], predicted=thinking
question=['write' 'writing' 'walk' 'walking'], predicted=walking
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['australia' 'australian' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['australia' 'australian' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['australia' 'australian' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['australia' 'australian' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=cambodian
question=['australia' 'australian' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['australia' 'australian' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['australia' 'australian' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['australia' 'australian' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['australia' 'australian' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['australia' 'australian' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['australia' 'australian' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['australia' 'australian' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['australia' 'australian' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['australia' 'australian' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['australia' 'australian' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['australia' 'australian' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['australia' 'australian' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['australia' 'australian' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['australia' 'australian' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['australia' 'australian' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['australia' 'australian' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['australia' 'australian' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['australia' 'australian' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['australia' 'australian' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['australia' 'australian' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['australia' 'australian' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['australia' 'australian' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['australia' 'australian' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['australia' 'australian' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['australia' 'australian' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=cambodian
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovakian
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=thai
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=ukrainian
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=ukrainian
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['china' 'chinese' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['china' 'chinese' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['china' 'chinese' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['china' 'chinese' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['china' 'chinese' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['china' 'chinese' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['china' 'chinese' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['china' 'chinese' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['china' 'chinese' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['china' 'chinese' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['china' 'chinese' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['china' 'chinese' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['china' 'chinese' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['china' 'chinese' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['china' 'chinese' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['china' 'chinese' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['china' 'chinese' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['china' 'chinese' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['china' 'chinese' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['china' 'chinese' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['china' 'chinese' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['china' 'chinese' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['china' 'chinese' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['china' 'chinese' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['china' 'chinese' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['china' 'chinese' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['china' 'chinese' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=ukrainian
question=['china' 'chinese' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['china' 'chinese' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['china' 'chinese' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['china' 'chinese' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['china' 'chinese' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovakian
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=cambodian
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'england' 'english'], predicted=english
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=ukrainian
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'england' 'english'], predicted=english
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovakian
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['england' 'english' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['england' 'english' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['england' 'english' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['england' 'english' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['england' 'english' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['england' 'english' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['england' 'english' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['england' 'english' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['england' 'english' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['england' 'english' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['england' 'english' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['england' 'english' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['england' 'english' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['england' 'english' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['england' 'english' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['england' 'english' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['england' 'english' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['england' 'english' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['england' 'english' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['england' 'english' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['england' 'english' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['england' 'english' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['england' 'english' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['england' 'english' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['england' 'english' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['england' 'english' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['england' 'english' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['france' 'french' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['france' 'french' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['france' 'french' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['france' 'french' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['france' 'french' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['france' 'french' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['france' 'french' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['france' 'french' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['france' 'french' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['france' 'french' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['france' 'french' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['france' 'french' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['france' 'french' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['france' 'french' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['france' 'french' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['france' 'french' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['france' 'french' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['france' 'french' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['france' 'french' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['france' 'french' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['france' 'french' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['france' 'french' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['france' 'french' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['france' 'french' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['france' 'french' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['france' 'french' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=cambodian
question=['france' 'french' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['france' 'french' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['france' 'french' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['france' 'french' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['france' 'french' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['germany' 'german' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['germany' 'german' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['germany' 'german' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['germany' 'german' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['germany' 'german' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['germany' 'german' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['germany' 'german' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['germany' 'german' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['germany' 'german' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['germany' 'german' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['germany' 'german' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['germany' 'german' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['germany' 'german' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['germany' 'german' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['germany' 'german' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['germany' 'german' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['germany' 'german' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['germany' 'german' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['germany' 'german' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['germany' 'german' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['germany' 'german' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['germany' 'german' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['germany' 'german' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['germany' 'german' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['germany' 'german' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['germany' 'german' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['germany' 'german' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['germany' 'german' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['germany' 'german' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['greece' 'greek' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['greece' 'greek' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['greece' 'greek' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['greece' 'greek' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['greece' 'greek' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['greece' 'greek' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['greece' 'greek' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['greece' 'greek' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['greece' 'greek' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['greece' 'greek' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['greece' 'greek' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['greece' 'greek' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['greece' 'greek' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['greece' 'greek' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['greece' 'greek' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['greece' 'greek' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['greece' 'greek' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['greece' 'greek' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['greece' 'greek' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['greece' 'greek' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['greece' 'greek' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['greece' 'greek' 'england' 'english'], predicted=english
question=['greece' 'greek' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'england' 'english'], predicted=english
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['india' 'indian' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['india' 'indian' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['india' 'indian' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['india' 'indian' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['india' 'indian' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['india' 'indian' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['india' 'indian' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['india' 'indian' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['india' 'indian' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['india' 'indian' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['india' 'indian' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['india' 'indian' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['india' 'indian' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovakian
question=['india' 'indian' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['india' 'indian' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['india' 'indian' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['india' 'indian' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['india' 'indian' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['india' 'indian' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['india' 'indian' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['india' 'indian' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['india' 'indian' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['india' 'indian' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['india' 'indian' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['india' 'indian' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['india' 'indian' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['india' 'indian' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['india' 'indian' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['india' 'indian' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=cambodian
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['italy' 'italian' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['italy' 'italian' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['italy' 'italian' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['italy' 'italian' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['italy' 'italian' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['italy' 'italian' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['italy' 'italian' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['italy' 'italian' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['italy' 'italian' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['italy' 'italian' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['italy' 'italian' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['italy' 'italian' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovakian
question=['italy' 'italian' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['italy' 'italian' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['italy' 'italian' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['italy' 'italian' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['italy' 'italian' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['italy' 'italian' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['italy' 'italian' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['italy' 'italian' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['italy' 'italian' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['italy' 'italian' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['italy' 'italian' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['italy' 'italian' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['italy' 'italian' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['italy' 'italian' 'england' 'english'], predicted=english
question=['italy' 'italian' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['italy' 'italian' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['italy' 'italian' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['italy' 'italian' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['italy' 'italian' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['italy' 'italian' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=ukrainian
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['korea' 'korean' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['korea' 'korean' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['korea' 'korean' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['korea' 'korean' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['korea' 'korean' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['korea' 'korean' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['korea' 'korean' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['korea' 'korean' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['korea' 'korean' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['korea' 'korean' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['korea' 'korean' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['korea' 'korean' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=ukrainian
question=['korea' 'korean' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['korea' 'korean' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['korea' 'korean' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['korea' 'korean' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['korea' 'korean' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['korea' 'korean' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['korea' 'korean' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['korea' 'korean' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['korea' 'korean' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['korea' 'korean' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['korea' 'korean' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['korea' 'korean' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['korea' 'korean' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['korea' 'korean' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['korea' 'korean' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['korea' 'korean' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['korea' 'korean' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['korea' 'korean' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=thai
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=ukrainian
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'england' 'english'], predicted=english
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['poland' 'polish' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['poland' 'polish' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['poland' 'polish' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['poland' 'polish' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['poland' 'polish' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['poland' 'polish' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['poland' 'polish' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['poland' 'polish' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['poland' 'polish' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['poland' 'polish' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['poland' 'polish' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['poland' 'polish' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['poland' 'polish' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['poland' 'polish' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['poland' 'polish' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['poland' 'polish' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['poland' 'polish' 'england' 'english'], predicted=english
question=['poland' 'polish' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['poland' 'polish' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['poland' 'polish' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['poland' 'polish' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['poland' 'polish' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['poland' 'polish' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['poland' 'polish' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['poland' 'polish' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['poland' 'polish' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['poland' 'polish' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['poland' 'polish' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['poland' 'polish' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['poland' 'polish' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'england' 'english'], predicted=english
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['russia' 'russian' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['russia' 'russian' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['russia' 'russian' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['russia' 'russian' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=thai
question=['russia' 'russian' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=ukrainian
question=['russia' 'russian' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['russia' 'russian' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['russia' 'russian' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['russia' 'russian' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['russia' 'russian' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['russia' 'russian' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['russia' 'russian' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['russia' 'russian' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['russia' 'russian' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['russia' 'russian' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['russia' 'russian' 'england' 'english'], predicted=english
question=['russia' 'russian' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['russia' 'russian' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['russia' 'russian' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['russia' 'russian' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['russia' 'russian' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['russia' 'russian' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['russia' 'russian' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['russia' 'russian' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['russia' 'russian' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['russia' 'russian' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['russia' 'russian' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['russia' 'russian' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['russia' 'russian' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['russia' 'russian' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['russia' 'russian' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['russia' 'russian' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=thai
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'england' 'english'], predicted=english
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=thai
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'england' 'english'], predicted=english
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovakian
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=described
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=flew
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=generated
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=implemented
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=sold
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=thought
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=fell
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'going' 'went'], predicted=went
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=knew
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=looked
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=paid
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=slowed
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=spent
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=took
question=['describing' 'described' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=hit
question=['describing' 'described' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=implemented
question=['describing' 'described' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['describing' 'described' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=looked
question=['describing' 'described' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=paid
question=['describing' 'described' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=played
question=['describing' 'described' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=said
question=['describing' 'described' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=sold
question=['describing' 'described' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=slowed
question=['describing' 'described' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=spent
question=['describing' 'described' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=thought
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=generated
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=implemented
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=knew
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=looked
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=paid
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=played
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=sold
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=thought
question=['falling' 'fell' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=flew
question=['falling' 'fell' 'going' 'went'], predicted=went
question=['falling' 'fell' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['falling' 'fell' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=knew
question=['falling' 'fell' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=looked
question=['falling' 'fell' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=moved
question=['falling' 'fell' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=played
question=['falling' 'fell' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=ran
question=['falling' 'fell' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=saw
question=['falling' 'fell' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=sold
question=['falling' 'fell' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=spent
question=['falling' 'fell' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=took
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=generated
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=knew
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=paid
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=played
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=sold
question=['flying' 'flew' 'going' 'went'], predicted=went
question=['flying' 'flew' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=implemented
question=['flying' 'flew' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['flying' 'flew' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=knew
question=['flying' 'flew' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=looked
question=['flying' 'flew' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=played
question=['flying' 'flew' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=ran
question=['flying' 'flew' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=sang
question=['flying' 'flew' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=spent
question=['flying' 'flew' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=took
question=['flying' 'flew' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=wrote
question=['flying' 'flew' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=fell
question=['generating' 'generated' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=implemented
question=['generating' 'generated' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['generating' 'generated' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=knew
question=['generating' 'generated' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=looked
question=['generating' 'generated' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=paid
question=['generating' 'generated' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=played
question=['generating' 'generated' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=decreased
question=['going' 'went' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['going' 'went' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=knew
question=['going' 'went' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=looked
question=['going' 'went' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=moved
question=['going' 'went' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=played
question=['going' 'went' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=ran
question=['going' 'went' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=saw
question=['going' 'went' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=spent
question=['going' 'went' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=took
question=['going' 'went' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=wrote
question=['going' 'went' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=decreased
question=['going' 'went' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=fell
question=['going' 'went' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=flew
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=knew
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=paid
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=played
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=predicted
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=took
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=thought
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=wrote
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=fell
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'going' 'went'], predicted=went
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=moved
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=paid
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=sold
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=thought
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=described
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=fell
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=generated
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=looked
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=paid
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=played
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=sold
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=spent
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=thought
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=described
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=generated
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'going' 'went'], predicted=went
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=hit
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=knew
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=listened
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=looked
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=paid
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=played
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=sold
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=slowed
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=spent
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=struck
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=took
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=decreased
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'going' 'went'], predicted=went
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=knew
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=looked
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=moved
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=paid
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=predicted
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=ran
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=sold
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=spent
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=took
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=flew
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=generated
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'going' 'went'], predicted=went
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=looked
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=moved
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=paid
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=played
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=predicted
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=ran
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=sang
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=slowed
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=spent
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=took
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=wrote
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=fell
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'going' 'went'], predicted=went
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['listening' 'listened' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=looked
question=['listening' 'listened' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=paid
question=['listening' 'listened' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=played
question=['listening' 'listened' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=sold
question=['listening' 'listened' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=spent
question=['listening' 'listened' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=struck
question=['listening' 'listened' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=fell
question=['listening' 'listened' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=generated
question=['listening' 'listened' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['looking' 'looked' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=paid
question=['looking' 'looked' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=played
question=['looking' 'looked' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=spent
question=['looking' 'looked' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=took
question=['looking' 'looked' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=flew
question=['looking' 'looked' 'going' 'went'], predicted=went
question=['looking' 'looked' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['looking' 'looked' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=knew
question=['looking' 'looked' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=listened
question=['moving' 'moved' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=paid
question=['moving' 'moved' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=played
question=['moving' 'moved' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=sold
question=['moving' 'moved' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=sang
question=['moving' 'moved' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=spent
question=['moving' 'moved' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=took
question=['moving' 'moved' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=thought
question=['moving' 'moved' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=wrote
question=['moving' 'moved' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=fell
question=['moving' 'moved' 'going' 'went'], predicted=went
question=['moving' 'moved' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['paying' 'paid' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=played
question=['paying' 'paid' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=sold
question=['paying' 'paid' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=spent
question=['paying' 'paid' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=decreased
question=['paying' 'paid' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=generated
question=['paying' 'paid' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['paying' 'paid' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=looked
question=['playing' 'played' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=predicted
question=['playing' 'played' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=said
question=['playing' 'played' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=slowed
question=['playing' 'played' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=spent
question=['playing' 'played' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=struck
question=['playing' 'played' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=thought
question=['playing' 'played' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=described
question=['playing' 'played' 'going' 'went'], predicted=went
question=['playing' 'played' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=hit
question=['playing' 'played' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=implemented
question=['playing' 'played' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['playing' 'played' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=looked
question=['playing' 'played' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=moved
question=['playing' 'played' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=paid
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=said
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=sold
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=spent
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=thought
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=described
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=implemented
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=knew
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=moved
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=paid
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=played
question=['reading' 'read' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=decreased
question=['reading' 'read' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['reading' 'read' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=looked
question=['reading' 'read' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=paid
question=['running' 'ran' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=saw
question=['running' 'ran' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=slowed
question=['running' 'ran' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=spent
question=['running' 'ran' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=took
question=['running' 'ran' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=wrote
question=['running' 'ran' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=fell
question=['running' 'ran' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=flew
question=['running' 'ran' 'going' 'went'], predicted=went
question=['running' 'ran' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=hit
question=['running' 'ran' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['running' 'ran' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=knew
question=['running' 'ran' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=listened
question=['running' 'ran' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=looked
question=['running' 'ran' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=moved
question=['running' 'ran' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=paid
question=['running' 'ran' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=played
question=['saying' 'said' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=sold
question=['saying' 'said' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=slowed
question=['saying' 'said' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=spent
question=['saying' 'said' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=thought
question=['saying' 'said' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=fell
question=['saying' 'said' 'going' 'went'], predicted=went
question=['saying' 'said' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['saying' 'said' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=moved
question=['saying' 'said' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=paid
question=['saying' 'said' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=played
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=slowed
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=spent
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=fell
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=knew
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=looked
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=paid
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=slowed
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=spent
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=took
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=thought
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=wrote
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=fell
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=flew
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'going' 'went'], predicted=went
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=implemented
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=knew
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=moved
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=paid
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=played
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=ran
question=['selling' 'sold' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=spent
question=['selling' 'sold' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=thought
question=['selling' 'sold' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=implemented
question=['selling' 'sold' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['selling' 'sold' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=looked
question=['selling' 'sold' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=moved
question=['selling' 'sold' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=paid
question=['selling' 'sold' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=played
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=fell
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'going' 'went'], predicted=went
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=looked
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=moved
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=played
question=['singing' 'sang' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=sat
question=['singing' 'sang' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=spent
question=['singing' 'sang' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=took
question=['singing' 'sang' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=thought
question=['singing' 'sang' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=wrote
question=['singing' 'sang' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=danced
question=['singing' 'sang' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=flew
question=['singing' 'sang' 'going' 'went'], predicted=went
question=['singing' 'sang' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=implemented
question=['singing' 'sang' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['singing' 'sang' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=knew
question=['singing' 'sang' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=looked
question=['singing' 'sang' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=paid
question=['singing' 'sang' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=played
question=['singing' 'sang' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=sold
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=spent
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=took
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=thought
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=decreased
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'going' 'went'], predicted=went
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=sold
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=sang
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=spent
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=took
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=wrote
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=danced
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=flew
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'going' 'went'], predicted=went
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=knew
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=looked
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=paid
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=played
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=ran
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=spent
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=took
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=thought
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=fell
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=generated
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'going' 'went'], predicted=went
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=implemented
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=looked
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=moved
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=paid
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=saw
question=['spending' 'spent' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=took
question=['spending' 'spent' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=generated
question=['spending' 'spent' 'going' 'went'], predicted=went
question=['spending' 'spent' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['spending' 'spent' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=knew
question=['spending' 'spent' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=listened
question=['spending' 'spent' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=looked
question=['spending' 'spent' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=moved
question=['spending' 'spent' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=paid
question=['spending' 'spent' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=played
question=['spending' 'spent' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=ran
question=['spending' 'spent' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=sold
question=['striking' 'struck' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=generated
question=['striking' 'struck' 'going' 'went'], predicted=went
question=['striking' 'struck' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=hit
question=['striking' 'struck' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=implemented
question=['striking' 'struck' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['striking' 'struck' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=looked
question=['striking' 'struck' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=moved
question=['striking' 'struck' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=paid
question=['striking' 'struck' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=played
question=['striking' 'struck' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=ran
question=['striking' 'struck' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=sold
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=took
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=described
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'going' 'went'], predicted=went
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=implemented
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=knew
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=looked
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=paid
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=played
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=read
question=['taking' 'took' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=thought
question=['taking' 'took' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=wrote
question=['taking' 'took' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=fell
question=['taking' 'took' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=flew
question=['taking' 'took' 'going' 'went'], predicted=went
question=['taking' 'took' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=implemented
question=['taking' 'took' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['taking' 'took' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=knew
question=['taking' 'took' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=looked
question=['taking' 'took' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=moved
question=['taking' 'took' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=paid
question=['taking' 'took' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=played
question=['taking' 'took' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=ran
question=['taking' 'took' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=saw
question=['taking' 'took' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=slowed
question=['taking' 'took' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=spent
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=described
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=looked
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=paid
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=played
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=predicted
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=said
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=spent
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'going' 'went'], predicted=went
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=knew
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=paid
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=predicted
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=ran
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=took
question=['walking' 'walked' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=decreased
question=['walking' 'walked' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=flew
question=['walking' 'walked' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['walking' 'walked' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=looked
question=['walking' 'walked' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=moved
question=['walking' 'walked' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=paid
question=['walking' 'walked' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=played
question=['walking' 'walked' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=ran
question=['walking' 'walked' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=sold
question=['walking' 'walked' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=spent
question=['walking' 'walked' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=struck
question=['walking' 'walked' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=took
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=fell
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'going' 'went'], predicted=went
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=hit
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'increasing' 'increased'], predicted=increased
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=knew
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=looked
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=paid
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=played
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=ran
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=saw
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=sold
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=slept
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=spent
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=took
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=thought
question=['banana' 'bananas' 'bird' 'birds'], predicted=birds
question=['banana' 'bananas' 'car' 'cars'], predicted=cars
question=['banana' 'bananas' 'cat' 'cats'], predicted=cats
question=['banana' 'bananas' 'child' 'children'], predicted=children
question=['banana' 'bananas' 'computer' 'computers'], predicted=computers
question=['banana' 'bananas' 'dream' 'dreams'], predicted=dreams
question=['banana' 'bananas' 'goat' 'goats'], predicted=goats
question=['banana' 'bananas' 'horse' 'horses'], predicted=horses
question=['banana' 'bananas' 'machine' 'machines'], predicted=machines
question=['banana' 'bananas' 'man' 'men'], predicted=men
question=['banana' 'bananas' 'mouse' 'mice'], predicted=mice
question=['banana' 'bananas' 'pineapple' 'pineapples'], predicted=pineapples
question=['banana' 'bananas' 'road' 'roads'], predicted=roads
question=['bird' 'birds' 'building' 'buildings'], predicted=buildings
question=['bird' 'birds' 'car' 'cars'], predicted=cars
question=['bird' 'birds' 'cat' 'cats'], predicted=cats
question=['bird' 'birds' 'child' 'children'], predicted=children
question=['bird' 'birds' 'cloud' 'clouds'], predicted=clouds
question=['bird' 'birds' 'computer' 'computers'], predicted=computers
question=['bird' 'birds' 'dog' 'dogs'], predicted=dogs
question=['bird' 'birds' 'donkey' 'donkeys'], predicted=donkeys
question=['bird' 'birds' 'dream' 'dreams'], predicted=dreams
question=['bird' 'birds' 'elephant' 'elephants'], predicted=elephants
question=['bird' 'birds' 'finger' 'fingers'], predicted=fingers
question=['bird' 'birds' 'goat' 'goats'], predicted=goats
question=['bird' 'birds' 'horse' 'horses'], predicted=horses
question=['bird' 'birds' 'machine' 'machines'], predicted=machines
question=['bird' 'birds' 'man' 'men'], predicted=men
question=['bird' 'birds' 'mouse' 'mice'], predicted=mice
question=['bird' 'birds' 'road' 'roads'], predicted=roads
question=['bird' 'birds' 'woman' 'women'], predicted=women
question=['bottle' 'bottles' 'building' 'buildings'], predicted=buildings
question=['bottle' 'bottles' 'car' 'cars'], predicted=cars
question=['bottle' 'bottles' 'child' 'children'], predicted=children
question=['bottle' 'bottles' 'cloud' 'clouds'], predicted=clouds
question=['bottle' 'bottles' 'color' 'colors'], predicted=colors
question=['bottle' 'bottles' 'computer' 'computers'], predicted=computers
question=['bottle' 'bottles' 'cow' 'cows'], predicted=cows
question=['bottle' 'bottles' 'dog' 'dogs'], predicted=dogs
question=['bottle' 'bottles' 'dream' 'dreams'], predicted=dreams
question=['bottle' 'bottles' 'elephant' 'elephants'], predicted=elephants
question=['bottle' 'bottles' 'finger' 'fingers'], predicted=fingers
question=['bottle' 'bottles' 'goat' 'goats'], predicted=goats
question=['bottle' 'bottles' 'horse' 'horses'], predicted=horses
question=['bottle' 'bottles' 'machine' 'machines'], predicted=machines
question=['bottle' 'bottles' 'man' 'men'], predicted=men
question=['bottle' 'bottles' 'road' 'roads'], predicted=roads
question=['bottle' 'bottles' 'woman' 'women'], predicted=women
question=['bottle' 'bottles' 'bird' 'birds'], predicted=birds
question=['building' 'buildings' 'car' 'cars'], predicted=cars
question=['building' 'buildings' 'cat' 'cats'], predicted=cats
question=['building' 'buildings' 'child' 'children'], predicted=children
question=['building' 'buildings' 'cloud' 'clouds'], predicted=clouds
question=['building' 'buildings' 'color' 'colors'], predicted=colors
question=['building' 'buildings' 'computer' 'computers'], predicted=computers
question=['building' 'buildings' 'dog' 'dogs'], predicted=dogs
question=['building' 'buildings' 'dollar' 'dollars'], predicted=dollars
question=['building' 'buildings' 'dream' 'dreams'], predicted=dreams
question=['building' 'buildings' 'elephant' 'elephants'], predicted=elephants
question=['building' 'buildings' 'horse' 'horses'], predicted=horses
question=['building' 'buildings' 'man' 'men'], predicted=men
question=['building' 'buildings' 'mouse' 'mice'], predicted=mice
question=['building' 'buildings' 'road' 'roads'], predicted=roads
question=['building' 'buildings' 'woman' 'women'], predicted=women
question=['building' 'buildings' 'bird' 'birds'], predicted=birds
question=['building' 'buildings' 'bottle' 'bottles'], predicted=bottles
question=['car' 'cars' 'cat' 'cats'], predicted=cats
question=['car' 'cars' 'child' 'children'], predicted=children
question=['car' 'cars' 'computer' 'computers'], predicted=computers
question=['car' 'cars' 'dog' 'dogs'], predicted=dogs
question=['car' 'cars' 'dollar' 'dollars'], predicted=dollars
question=['car' 'cars' 'dream' 'dreams'], predicted=dreams
question=['car' 'cars' 'elephant' 'elephants'], predicted=elephants
question=['car' 'cars' 'finger' 'fingers'], predicted=fingers
question=['car' 'cars' 'horse' 'horses'], predicted=horses
question=['car' 'cars' 'machine' 'machines'], predicted=machines
question=['car' 'cars' 'man' 'men'], predicted=men
question=['car' 'cars' 'mouse' 'mice'], predicted=mice
question=['car' 'cars' 'road' 'roads'], predicted=roads
question=['car' 'cars' 'woman' 'women'], predicted=women
question=['car' 'cars' 'bird' 'birds'], predicted=birds
question=['car' 'cars' 'building' 'buildings'], predicted=buildings
question=['cat' 'cats' 'child' 'children'], predicted=children
question=['cat' 'cats' 'cloud' 'clouds'], predicted=clouds
question=['cat' 'cats' 'color' 'colors'], predicted=colors
question=['cat' 'cats' 'computer' 'computers'], predicted=computers
question=['cat' 'cats' 'dog' 'dogs'], predicted=dogs
question=['cat' 'cats' 'donkey' 'donkeys'], predicted=donkeys
question=['cat' 'cats' 'dream' 'dreams'], predicted=dreams
question=['cat' 'cats' 'elephant' 'elephants'], predicted=elephants
question=['cat' 'cats' 'finger' 'fingers'], predicted=fingers
question=['cat' 'cats' 'goat' 'goats'], predicted=goats
question=['cat' 'cats' 'horse' 'horses'], predicted=horses
question=['cat' 'cats' 'machine' 'machines'], predicted=machines
question=['cat' 'cats' 'man' 'men'], predicted=men
question=['cat' 'cats' 'mouse' 'mice'], predicted=mice
question=['cat' 'cats' 'road' 'roads'], predicted=roads
question=['cat' 'cats' 'bird' 'birds'], predicted=birds
question=['cat' 'cats' 'building' 'buildings'], predicted=buildings
question=['cat' 'cats' 'car' 'cars'], predicted=cars
question=['child' 'children' 'cloud' 'clouds'], predicted=clouds
question=['child' 'children' 'color' 'colors'], predicted=colors
question=['child' 'children' 'computer' 'computers'], predicted=computers
question=['child' 'children' 'dog' 'dogs'], predicted=dogs
question=['child' 'children' 'dream' 'dreams'], predicted=dreams
question=['child' 'children' 'elephant' 'elephants'], predicted=elephants
question=['child' 'children' 'finger' 'fingers'], predicted=fingers
question=['child' 'children' 'goat' 'goats'], predicted=goats
question=['child' 'children' 'horse' 'horses'], predicted=horses
question=['child' 'children' 'machine' 'machines'], predicted=machines
question=['child' 'children' 'man' 'men'], predicted=men
question=['child' 'children' 'mouse' 'mice'], predicted=mice
question=['child' 'children' 'road' 'roads'], predicted=roads
question=['child' 'children' 'woman' 'women'], predicted=women
question=['child' 'children' 'bird' 'birds'], predicted=birds
question=['child' 'children' 'bottle' 'bottles'], predicted=bottles
question=['child' 'children' 'building' 'buildings'], predicted=buildings
question=['child' 'children' 'car' 'cars'], predicted=cars
question=['child' 'children' 'cat' 'cats'], predicted=cats
question=['cloud' 'clouds' 'color' 'colors'], predicted=colors
question=['cloud' 'clouds' 'computer' 'computers'], predicted=computers
question=['cloud' 'clouds' 'dog' 'dogs'], predicted=dogs
question=['cloud' 'clouds' 'dream' 'dreams'], predicted=dreams
question=['cloud' 'clouds' 'finger' 'fingers'], predicted=fingers
question=['cloud' 'clouds' 'goat' 'goats'], predicted=goats
question=['cloud' 'clouds' 'horse' 'horses'], predicted=horses
question=['cloud' 'clouds' 'machine' 'machines'], predicted=machines
question=['cloud' 'clouds' 'man' 'men'], predicted=men
question=['cloud' 'clouds' 'road' 'roads'], predicted=roads
question=['cloud' 'clouds' 'woman' 'women'], predicted=women
question=['cloud' 'clouds' 'bird' 'birds'], predicted=birds
question=['cloud' 'clouds' 'building' 'buildings'], predicted=buildings
question=['cloud' 'clouds' 'car' 'cars'], predicted=cars
question=['cloud' 'clouds' 'child' 'children'], predicted=children
question=['color' 'colors' 'computer' 'computers'], predicted=computers
question=['color' 'colors' 'dog' 'dogs'], predicted=dogs
question=['color' 'colors' 'dream' 'dreams'], predicted=dreams
question=['color' 'colors' 'elephant' 'elephants'], predicted=elephants
question=['color' 'colors' 'finger' 'fingers'], predicted=fingers
question=['color' 'colors' 'goat' 'goats'], predicted=goats
question=['color' 'colors' 'horse' 'horses'], predicted=horses
question=['color' 'colors' 'machine' 'machines'], predicted=machines
question=['color' 'colors' 'man' 'men'], predicted=men
question=['color' 'colors' 'road' 'roads'], predicted=roads
question=['color' 'colors' 'woman' 'women'], predicted=women
question=['color' 'colors' 'bird' 'birds'], predicted=birds
question=['color' 'colors' 'bottle' 'bottles'], predicted=bottles
question=['color' 'colors' 'building' 'buildings'], predicted=buildings
question=['color' 'colors' 'car' 'cars'], predicted=cars
question=['color' 'colors' 'cat' 'cats'], predicted=cats
question=['color' 'colors' 'child' 'children'], predicted=children
question=['color' 'colors' 'cloud' 'clouds'], predicted=clouds
question=['computer' 'computers' 'dog' 'dogs'], predicted=dogs
question=['computer' 'computers' 'donkey' 'donkeys'], predicted=donkeys
question=['computer' 'computers' 'dream' 'dreams'], predicted=dreams
question=['computer' 'computers' 'elephant' 'elephants'], predicted=elephants
question=['computer' 'computers' 'finger' 'fingers'], predicted=fingers
question=['computer' 'computers' 'goat' 'goats'], predicted=goats
question=['computer' 'computers' 'horse' 'horses'], predicted=horses
question=['computer' 'computers' 'machine' 'machines'], predicted=machines
question=['computer' 'computers' 'man' 'men'], predicted=men
question=['computer' 'computers' 'road' 'roads'], predicted=roads
question=['computer' 'computers' 'bird' 'birds'], predicted=birds
question=['computer' 'computers' 'bottle' 'bottles'], predicted=bottles
question=['computer' 'computers' 'building' 'buildings'], predicted=buildings
question=['computer' 'computers' 'car' 'cars'], predicted=cars
question=['computer' 'computers' 'cat' 'cats'], predicted=cats
question=['computer' 'computers' 'child' 'children'], predicted=children
question=['computer' 'computers' 'cloud' 'clouds'], predicted=clouds
question=['cow' 'cows' 'dog' 'dogs'], predicted=dogs
question=['cow' 'cows' 'elephant' 'elephants'], predicted=elephants
question=['cow' 'cows' 'goat' 'goats'], predicted=goats
question=['cow' 'cows' 'horse' 'horses'], predicted=horses
question=['cow' 'cows' 'machine' 'machines'], predicted=machines
question=['cow' 'cows' 'man' 'men'], predicted=men
question=['cow' 'cows' 'mouse' 'mice'], predicted=mice
question=['cow' 'cows' 'road' 'roads'], predicted=roads
question=['cow' 'cows' 'bird' 'birds'], predicted=birds
question=['cow' 'cows' 'building' 'buildings'], predicted=buildings
question=['cow' 'cows' 'car' 'cars'], predicted=cars
question=['cow' 'cows' 'cat' 'cats'], predicted=cats
question=['cow' 'cows' 'child' 'children'], predicted=children
question=['cow' 'cows' 'computer' 'computers'], predicted=computers
question=['dog' 'dogs' 'dollar' 'dollars'], predicted=dollars
question=['dog' 'dogs' 'donkey' 'donkeys'], predicted=donkeys
question=['dog' 'dogs' 'dream' 'dreams'], predicted=dreams
question=['dog' 'dogs' 'elephant' 'elephants'], predicted=elephants
question=['dog' 'dogs' 'finger' 'fingers'], predicted=fingers
question=['dog' 'dogs' 'goat' 'goats'], predicted=goats
question=['dog' 'dogs' 'horse' 'horses'], predicted=horses
question=['dog' 'dogs' 'machine' 'machines'], predicted=machines
question=['dog' 'dogs' 'man' 'men'], predicted=men
question=['dog' 'dogs' 'mouse' 'mice'], predicted=mice
question=['dog' 'dogs' 'rat' 'rats'], predicted=rats
question=['dog' 'dogs' 'road' 'roads'], predicted=roads
question=['dog' 'dogs' 'woman' 'women'], predicted=women
question=['dog' 'dogs' 'bird' 'birds'], predicted=birds
question=['dog' 'dogs' 'building' 'buildings'], predicted=buildings
question=['dog' 'dogs' 'car' 'cars'], predicted=cars
question=['dog' 'dogs' 'cat' 'cats'], predicted=cats
question=['dog' 'dogs' 'child' 'children'], predicted=children
question=['dog' 'dogs' 'cloud' 'clouds'], predicted=clouds
question=['dog' 'dogs' 'computer' 'computers'], predicted=computers
question=['dollar' 'dollars' 'dream' 'dreams'], predicted=dreams
question=['dollar' 'dollars' 'elephant' 'elephants'], predicted=elephants
question=['dollar' 'dollars' 'finger' 'fingers'], predicted=fingers
question=['dollar' 'dollars' 'goat' 'goats'], predicted=goats
question=['dollar' 'dollars' 'horse' 'horses'], predicted=horses
question=['dollar' 'dollars' 'machine' 'machines'], predicted=machines
question=['dollar' 'dollars' 'man' 'men'], predicted=men
question=['dollar' 'dollars' 'mouse' 'mice'], predicted=mice
question=['dollar' 'dollars' 'road' 'roads'], predicted=roads
question=['dollar' 'dollars' 'building' 'buildings'], predicted=buildings
question=['dollar' 'dollars' 'car' 'cars'], predicted=cars
question=['dollar' 'dollars' 'child' 'children'], predicted=children
question=['dollar' 'dollars' 'color' 'colors'], predicted=colors
question=['dollar' 'dollars' 'computer' 'computers'], predicted=computers
question=['dollar' 'dollars' 'dog' 'dogs'], predicted=dogs
question=['donkey' 'donkeys' 'dream' 'dreams'], predicted=dreams
question=['donkey' 'donkeys' 'horse' 'horses'], predicted=horses
question=['donkey' 'donkeys' 'machine' 'machines'], predicted=machines
question=['donkey' 'donkeys' 'man' 'men'], predicted=men
question=['donkey' 'donkeys' 'mouse' 'mice'], predicted=mice
question=['donkey' 'donkeys' 'bird' 'birds'], predicted=birds
question=['donkey' 'donkeys' 'car' 'cars'], predicted=cars
question=['donkey' 'donkeys' 'child' 'children'], predicted=children
question=['donkey' 'donkeys' 'computer' 'computers'], predicted=computers
question=['donkey' 'donkeys' 'dog' 'dogs'], predicted=dogs
question=['dream' 'dreams' 'finger' 'fingers'], predicted=fingers
question=['dream' 'dreams' 'goat' 'goats'], predicted=goats
question=['dream' 'dreams' 'horse' 'horses'], predicted=horses
question=['dream' 'dreams' 'machine' 'machines'], predicted=machines
question=['dream' 'dreams' 'man' 'men'], predicted=men
question=['dream' 'dreams' 'mouse' 'mice'], predicted=mice
question=['dream' 'dreams' 'road' 'roads'], predicted=roads
question=['dream' 'dreams' 'woman' 'women'], predicted=women
question=['dream' 'dreams' 'bird' 'birds'], predicted=birds
question=['dream' 'dreams' 'building' 'buildings'], predicted=buildings
question=['dream' 'dreams' 'car' 'cars'], predicted=cars
question=['dream' 'dreams' 'cat' 'cats'], predicted=cats
question=['dream' 'dreams' 'child' 'children'], predicted=children
question=['dream' 'dreams' 'computer' 'computers'], predicted=computers
question=['dream' 'dreams' 'dog' 'dogs'], predicted=dogs
question=['eagle' 'eagles' 'elephant' 'elephants'], predicted=elephants
question=['eagle' 'eagles' 'goat' 'goats'], predicted=goats
question=['eagle' 'eagles' 'horse' 'horses'], predicted=horses
question=['eagle' 'eagles' 'machine' 'machines'], predicted=machines
question=['eagle' 'eagles' 'man' 'men'], predicted=men
question=['eagle' 'eagles' 'building' 'buildings'], predicted=buildings
question=['eagle' 'eagles' 'car' 'cars'], predicted=cars
question=['eagle' 'eagles' 'cat' 'cats'], predicted=cats
question=['eagle' 'eagles' 'cloud' 'clouds'], predicted=clouds
question=['eagle' 'eagles' 'computer' 'computers'], predicted=computers
question=['eagle' 'eagles' 'cow' 'cows'], predicted=cows
question=['eagle' 'eagles' 'dog' 'dogs'], predicted=dogs
question=['eagle' 'eagles' 'dollar' 'dollars'], predicted=dollars
question=['elephant' 'elephants' 'eye' 'eyes'], predicted=eyes
question=['elephant' 'elephants' 'finger' 'fingers'], predicted=fingers
question=['elephant' 'elephants' 'goat' 'goats'], predicted=goats
question=['elephant' 'elephants' 'horse' 'horses'], predicted=horses
question=['elephant' 'elephants' 'machine' 'machines'], predicted=machines
question=['elephant' 'elephants' 'man' 'men'], predicted=men
question=['elephant' 'elephants' 'mouse' 'mice'], predicted=mice
question=['elephant' 'elephants' 'rat' 'rats'], predicted=rats
question=['elephant' 'elephants' 'road' 'roads'], predicted=roads
question=['elephant' 'elephants' 'woman' 'women'], predicted=women
question=['elephant' 'elephants' 'bird' 'birds'], predicted=birds
question=['elephant' 'elephants' 'bottle' 'bottles'], predicted=bottles
question=['elephant' 'elephants' 'building' 'buildings'], predicted=buildings
question=['elephant' 'elephants' 'car' 'cars'], predicted=cars
question=['elephant' 'elephants' 'cat' 'cats'], predicted=cats
question=['elephant' 'elephants' 'child' 'children'], predicted=children
question=['elephant' 'elephants' 'computer' 'computers'], predicted=computers
question=['elephant' 'elephants' 'dog' 'dogs'], predicted=dogs
question=['elephant' 'elephants' 'donkey' 'donkeys'], predicted=donkeys
question=['elephant' 'elephants' 'dream' 'dreams'], predicted=dreams
question=['eye' 'eyes' 'finger' 'fingers'], predicted=fingers
question=['eye' 'eyes' 'goat' 'goats'], predicted=goats
question=['eye' 'eyes' 'machine' 'machines'], predicted=machines
question=['eye' 'eyes' 'bird' 'birds'], predicted=birds
question=['eye' 'eyes' 'building' 'buildings'], predicted=buildings
question=['eye' 'eyes' 'car' 'cars'], predicted=cars
question=['eye' 'eyes' 'child' 'children'], predicted=children
question=['eye' 'eyes' 'computer' 'computers'], predicted=computers
question=['eye' 'eyes' 'dream' 'dreams'], predicted=dreams
question=['eye' 'eyes' 'elephant' 'elephants'], predicted=elephants
question=['finger' 'fingers' 'horse' 'horses'], predicted=horses
question=['finger' 'fingers' 'machine' 'machines'], predicted=machines
question=['finger' 'fingers' 'man' 'men'], predicted=men
question=['finger' 'fingers' 'mouse' 'mice'], predicted=mice
question=['finger' 'fingers' 'woman' 'women'], predicted=women
question=['finger' 'fingers' 'bird' 'birds'], predicted=birds
question=['finger' 'fingers' 'building' 'buildings'], predicted=buildings
question=['finger' 'fingers' 'car' 'cars'], predicted=cars
question=['finger' 'fingers' 'cat' 'cats'], predicted=cats
question=['finger' 'fingers' 'child' 'children'], predicted=children
question=['finger' 'fingers' 'cloud' 'clouds'], predicted=clouds
question=['finger' 'fingers' 'computer' 'computers'], predicted=computers
question=['finger' 'fingers' 'dog' 'dogs'], predicted=dogs
question=['finger' 'fingers' 'dream' 'dreams'], predicted=dreams
question=['finger' 'fingers' 'elephant' 'elephants'], predicted=elephants
question=['goat' 'goats' 'horse' 'horses'], predicted=horses
question=['goat' 'goats' 'machine' 'machines'], predicted=machines
question=['goat' 'goats' 'man' 'men'], predicted=men
question=['goat' 'goats' 'mouse' 'mice'], predicted=mice
question=['goat' 'goats' 'road' 'roads'], predicted=roads
question=['goat' 'goats' 'woman' 'women'], predicted=women
question=['goat' 'goats' 'bird' 'birds'], predicted=birds
question=['goat' 'goats' 'car' 'cars'], predicted=cars
question=['goat' 'goats' 'cat' 'cats'], predicted=cats
question=['goat' 'goats' 'child' 'children'], predicted=children
question=['goat' 'goats' 'cloud' 'clouds'], predicted=clouds
question=['goat' 'goats' 'computer' 'computers'], predicted=computers
question=['goat' 'goats' 'dog' 'dogs'], predicted=dogs
question=['goat' 'goats' 'dream' 'dreams'], predicted=dreams
question=['goat' 'goats' 'elephant' 'elephants'], predicted=elephants
question=['hand' 'hands' 'horse' 'horses'], predicted=horses
question=['hand' 'hands' 'man' 'men'], predicted=men
question=['hand' 'hands' 'road' 'roads'], predicted=roads
question=['hand' 'hands' 'bird' 'birds'], predicted=birds
question=['hand' 'hands' 'bottle' 'bottles'], predicted=bottles
question=['hand' 'hands' 'car' 'cars'], predicted=cars
question=['hand' 'hands' 'dollar' 'dollars'], predicted=dollars
question=['hand' 'hands' 'dream' 'dreams'], predicted=dreams
question=['hand' 'hands' 'elephant' 'elephants'], predicted=elephants
question=['hand' 'hands' 'eye' 'eyes'], predicted=eyes
question=['hand' 'hands' 'finger' 'fingers'], predicted=fingers
question=['hand' 'hands' 'goat' 'goats'], predicted=goats
question=['horse' 'horses' 'machine' 'machines'], predicted=machines
question=['horse' 'horses' 'man' 'men'], predicted=men
question=['horse' 'horses' 'mouse' 'mice'], predicted=mice
question=['horse' 'horses' 'road' 'roads'], predicted=roads
question=['horse' 'horses' 'woman' 'women'], predicted=women
question=['horse' 'horses' 'bird' 'birds'], predicted=birds
question=['horse' 'horses' 'building' 'buildings'], predicted=buildings
question=['horse' 'horses' 'car' 'cars'], predicted=cars
question=['horse' 'horses' 'cat' 'cats'], predicted=cats
question=['horse' 'horses' 'child' 'children'], predicted=children
question=['horse' 'horses' 'computer' 'computers'], predicted=computers
question=['horse' 'horses' 'dog' 'dogs'], predicted=dogs
question=['horse' 'horses' 'donkey' 'donkeys'], predicted=donkeys
question=['horse' 'horses' 'dream' 'dreams'], predicted=dreams
question=['horse' 'horses' 'elephant' 'elephants'], predicted=elephants
question=['horse' 'horses' 'finger' 'fingers'], predicted=fingers
question=['horse' 'horses' 'goat' 'goats'], predicted=goats
question=['lion' 'lions' 'machine' 'machines'], predicted=machines
question=['lion' 'lions' 'mouse' 'mice'], predicted=mice
question=['lion' 'lions' 'road' 'roads'], predicted=roads
question=['lion' 'lions' 'bird' 'birds'], predicted=birds
question=['lion' 'lions' 'building' 'buildings'], predicted=buildings
question=['lion' 'lions' 'car' 'cars'], predicted=cars
question=['lion' 'lions' 'cat' 'cats'], predicted=cats
question=['lion' 'lions' 'cloud' 'clouds'], predicted=clouds
question=['lion' 'lions' 'color' 'colors'], predicted=colors
question=['lion' 'lions' 'computer' 'computers'], predicted=computers
question=['lion' 'lions' 'dog' 'dogs'], predicted=dogs
question=['lion' 'lions' 'dream' 'dreams'], predicted=dreams
question=['lion' 'lions' 'eagle' 'eagles'], predicted=eagles
question=['lion' 'lions' 'elephant' 'elephants'], predicted=elephants
question=['lion' 'lions' 'goat' 'goats'], predicted=goats
question=['lion' 'lions' 'horse' 'horses'], predicted=horses
question=['machine' 'machines' 'man' 'men'], predicted=men
question=['machine' 'machines' 'mouse' 'mice'], predicted=mice
question=['machine' 'machines' 'road' 'roads'], predicted=roads
question=['machine' 'machines' 'bird' 'birds'], predicted=birds
question=['machine' 'machines' 'building' 'buildings'], predicted=buildings
question=['machine' 'machines' 'car' 'cars'], predicted=cars
question=['machine' 'machines' 'cat' 'cats'], predicted=cats
question=['machine' 'machines' 'child' 'children'], predicted=children
question=['machine' 'machines' 'cloud' 'clouds'], predicted=clouds
question=['machine' 'machines' 'color' 'colors'], predicted=colors
question=['machine' 'machines' 'computer' 'computers'], predicted=computers
question=['machine' 'machines' 'dog' 'dogs'], predicted=dogs
question=['machine' 'machines' 'dollar' 'dollars'], predicted=dollars
question=['machine' 'machines' 'dream' 'dreams'], predicted=dreams
question=['machine' 'machines' 'elephant' 'elephants'], predicted=elephants
question=['machine' 'machines' 'finger' 'fingers'], predicted=fingers
question=['machine' 'machines' 'goat' 'goats'], predicted=goats
question=['machine' 'machines' 'horse' 'horses'], predicted=horses
question=['mango' 'mangoes' 'man' 'men'], predicted=men
question=['mango' 'mangoes' 'mouse' 'mice'], predicted=mice
question=['mango' 'mangoes' 'road' 'roads'], predicted=roads
question=['mango' 'mangoes' 'car' 'cars'], predicted=cars
question=['mango' 'mangoes' 'cat' 'cats'], predicted=cats
question=['mango' 'mangoes' 'color' 'colors'], predicted=colors
question=['mango' 'mangoes' 'dog' 'dogs'], predicted=dogs
question=['mango' 'mangoes' 'dollar' 'dollars'], predicted=dollars
question=['mango' 'mangoes' 'goat' 'goats'], predicted=goats
question=['mango' 'mangoes' 'horse' 'horses'], predicted=horses
question=['mango' 'mangoes' 'machine' 'machines'], predicted=machines
question=['man' 'men' 'mouse' 'mice'], predicted=mice
question=['man' 'men' 'road' 'roads'], predicted=roads
question=['man' 'men' 'woman' 'women'], predicted=women
question=['man' 'men' 'bird' 'birds'], predicted=birds
question=['man' 'men' 'building' 'buildings'], predicted=buildings
question=['man' 'men' 'car' 'cars'], predicted=cars
question=['man' 'men' 'cat' 'cats'], predicted=cats
question=['man' 'men' 'child' 'children'], predicted=children
question=['man' 'men' 'cloud' 'clouds'], predicted=clouds
question=['man' 'men' 'color' 'colors'], predicted=colors
question=['man' 'men' 'computer' 'computers'], predicted=computers
question=['man' 'men' 'dog' 'dogs'], predicted=dogs
question=['man' 'men' 'dollar' 'dollars'], predicted=dollars
question=['man' 'men' 'dream' 'dreams'], predicted=dreams
question=['man' 'men' 'elephant' 'elephants'], predicted=elephants
question=['man' 'men' 'goat' 'goats'], predicted=goats
question=['man' 'men' 'hand' 'hands'], predicted=hands
question=['man' 'men' 'horse' 'horses'], predicted=horses
question=['melon' 'melons' 'road' 'roads'], predicted=roads
question=['melon' 'melons' 'car' 'cars'], predicted=cars
question=['melon' 'melons' 'child' 'children'], predicted=children
question=['melon' 'melons' 'color' 'colors'], predicted=colors
question=['melon' 'melons' 'computer' 'computers'], predicted=computers
question=['melon' 'melons' 'goat' 'goats'], predicted=goats
question=['melon' 'melons' 'machine' 'machines'], predicted=machines
question=['melon' 'melons' 'man' 'men'], predicted=men
question=['monkey' 'monkeys' 'mouse' 'mice'], predicted=mice
question=['monkey' 'monkeys' 'road' 'roads'], predicted=roads
question=['monkey' 'monkeys' 'woman' 'women'], predicted=women
question=['monkey' 'monkeys' 'bird' 'birds'], predicted=birds
question=['monkey' 'monkeys' 'building' 'buildings'], predicted=buildings
question=['monkey' 'monkeys' 'cat' 'cats'], predicted=cats
question=['monkey' 'monkeys' 'child' 'children'], predicted=children
question=['monkey' 'monkeys' 'color' 'colors'], predicted=colors
question=['monkey' 'monkeys' 'dream' 'dreams'], predicted=dreams
question=['monkey' 'monkeys' 'elephant' 'elephants'], predicted=elephants
question=['monkey' 'monkeys' 'finger' 'fingers'], predicted=fingers
question=['monkey' 'monkeys' 'goat' 'goats'], predicted=goats
question=['monkey' 'monkeys' 'horse' 'horses'], predicted=horses
question=['monkey' 'monkeys' 'machine' 'machines'], predicted=machines
question=['monkey' 'monkeys' 'man' 'men'], predicted=men
question=['mouse' 'mice' 'road' 'roads'], predicted=roads
question=['mouse' 'mice' 'woman' 'women'], predicted=women
question=['mouse' 'mice' 'bird' 'birds'], predicted=birds
question=['mouse' 'mice' 'building' 'buildings'], predicted=buildings
question=['mouse' 'mice' 'car' 'cars'], predicted=cars
question=['mouse' 'mice' 'cat' 'cats'], predicted=cats
question=['mouse' 'mice' 'child' 'children'], predicted=children
question=['mouse' 'mice' 'computer' 'computers'], predicted=computers
question=['mouse' 'mice' 'dog' 'dogs'], predicted=dogs
question=['mouse' 'mice' 'dream' 'dreams'], predicted=dreams
question=['mouse' 'mice' 'elephant' 'elephants'], predicted=elephants
question=['mouse' 'mice' 'finger' 'fingers'], predicted=fingers
question=['mouse' 'mice' 'goat' 'goats'], predicted=goats
question=['mouse' 'mice' 'horse' 'horses'], predicted=horses
question=['mouse' 'mice' 'machine' 'machines'], predicted=machines
question=['mouse' 'mice' 'man' 'men'], predicted=men
question=['onion' 'onions' 'road' 'roads'], predicted=roads
question=['onion' 'onions' 'bird' 'birds'], predicted=birds
question=['onion' 'onions' 'building' 'buildings'], predicted=buildings
question=['onion' 'onions' 'car' 'cars'], predicted=cars
question=['onion' 'onions' 'cat' 'cats'], predicted=cats
question=['onion' 'onions' 'cloud' 'clouds'], predicted=clouds
question=['onion' 'onions' 'color' 'colors'], predicted=colors
question=['onion' 'onions' 'computer' 'computers'], predicted=computers
question=['onion' 'onions' 'dog' 'dogs'], predicted=dogs
question=['onion' 'onions' 'dream' 'dreams'], predicted=dreams
question=['onion' 'onions' 'goat' 'goats'], predicted=goats
question=['onion' 'onions' 'machine' 'machines'], predicted=machines
question=['pear' 'pears' 'road' 'roads'], predicted=roads
question=['pear' 'pears' 'woman' 'women'], predicted=women
question=['pear' 'pears' 'bird' 'birds'], predicted=birds
question=['pear' 'pears' 'building' 'buildings'], predicted=buildings
question=['pear' 'pears' 'car' 'cars'], predicted=cars
question=['pear' 'pears' 'cat' 'cats'], predicted=cats
question=['pear' 'pears' 'child' 'children'], predicted=children
question=['pear' 'pears' 'computer' 'computers'], predicted=computers
question=['pear' 'pears' 'dog' 'dogs'], predicted=dogs
question=['pear' 'pears' 'dream' 'dreams'], predicted=dreams
question=['pear' 'pears' 'elephant' 'elephants'], predicted=elephants
question=['pear' 'pears' 'goat' 'goats'], predicted=goats
question=['pear' 'pears' 'horse' 'horses'], predicted=horses
question=['pear' 'pears' 'machine' 'machines'], predicted=machines
question=['pear' 'pears' 'man' 'men'], predicted=men
question=['pig' 'pigs' 'road' 'roads'], predicted=roads
question=['pig' 'pigs' 'woman' 'women'], predicted=women
question=['pig' 'pigs' 'bird' 'birds'], predicted=birds
question=['pig' 'pigs' 'bottle' 'bottles'], predicted=bottles
question=['pig' 'pigs' 'building' 'buildings'], predicted=buildings
question=['pig' 'pigs' 'car' 'cars'], predicted=cars
question=['pig' 'pigs' 'cat' 'cats'], predicted=cats
question=['pig' 'pigs' 'child' 'children'], predicted=children
question=['pig' 'pigs' 'cloud' 'clouds'], predicted=clouds
question=['pig' 'pigs' 'color' 'colors'], predicted=colors
question=['pig' 'pigs' 'computer' 'computers'], predicted=computers
question=['pig' 'pigs' 'dog' 'dogs'], predicted=dogs
question=['pig' 'pigs' 'dream' 'dreams'], predicted=dreams
question=['pig' 'pigs' 'elephant' 'elephants'], predicted=elephants
question=['pig' 'pigs' 'finger' 'fingers'], predicted=fingers
question=['pig' 'pigs' 'goat' 'goats'], predicted=goats
question=['pig' 'pigs' 'horse' 'horses'], predicted=horses
question=['pig' 'pigs' 'machine' 'machines'], predicted=machines
question=['pig' 'pigs' 'man' 'men'], predicted=men
question=['pig' 'pigs' 'mouse' 'mice'], predicted=mice
question=['pineapple' 'pineapples' 'road' 'roads'], predicted=roads
question=['pineapple' 'pineapples' 'building' 'buildings'], predicted=buildings
question=['pineapple' 'pineapples' 'car' 'cars'], predicted=cars
question=['pineapple' 'pineapples' 'cat' 'cats'], predicted=cats
question=['pineapple' 'pineapples' 'dog' 'dogs'], predicted=dogs
question=['pineapple' 'pineapples' 'dream' 'dreams'], predicted=dreams
question=['pineapple' 'pineapples' 'goat' 'goats'], predicted=goats
question=['pineapple' 'pineapples' 'horse' 'horses'], predicted=horses
question=['pineapple' 'pineapples' 'man' 'men'], predicted=men
question=['pineapple' 'pineapples' 'mouse' 'mice'], predicted=mice
question=['rat' 'rats' 'road' 'roads'], predicted=roads
question=['rat' 'rats' 'woman' 'women'], predicted=women
question=['rat' 'rats' 'bird' 'birds'], predicted=birds
question=['rat' 'rats' 'bottle' 'bottles'], predicted=bottles
question=['rat' 'rats' 'building' 'buildings'], predicted=buildings
question=['rat' 'rats' 'car' 'cars'], predicted=cars
question=['rat' 'rats' 'cat' 'cats'], predicted=cats
question=['rat' 'rats' 'child' 'children'], predicted=children
question=['rat' 'rats' 'computer' 'computers'], predicted=computers
question=['rat' 'rats' 'dog' 'dogs'], predicted=dogs
question=['rat' 'rats' 'dollar' 'dollars'], predicted=dollars
question=['rat' 'rats' 'dream' 'dreams'], predicted=dreams
question=['rat' 'rats' 'elephant' 'elephants'], predicted=elephants
question=['rat' 'rats' 'goat' 'goats'], predicted=goats
question=['rat' 'rats' 'horse' 'horses'], predicted=horses
question=['rat' 'rats' 'machine' 'machines'], predicted=machines
question=['rat' 'rats' 'man' 'men'], predicted=men
question=['rat' 'rats' 'mouse' 'mice'], predicted=mice
question=['road' 'roads' 'woman' 'women'], predicted=women
question=['road' 'roads' 'bird' 'birds'], predicted=birds
question=['road' 'roads' 'bottle' 'bottles'], predicted=bottles
question=['road' 'roads' 'building' 'buildings'], predicted=buildings
question=['road' 'roads' 'car' 'cars'], predicted=cars
question=['road' 'roads' 'child' 'children'], predicted=children
question=['road' 'roads' 'computer' 'computers'], predicted=computers
question=['road' 'roads' 'dream' 'dreams'], predicted=dreams
question=['road' 'roads' 'elephant' 'elephants'], predicted=elephants
question=['road' 'roads' 'goat' 'goats'], predicted=goats
question=['road' 'roads' 'horse' 'horses'], predicted=horses
question=['road' 'roads' 'machine' 'machines'], predicted=machines
question=['road' 'roads' 'man' 'men'], predicted=men
question=['snake' 'snakes' 'building' 'buildings'], predicted=buildings
question=['snake' 'snakes' 'car' 'cars'], predicted=cars
question=['snake' 'snakes' 'cat' 'cats'], predicted=cats
question=['snake' 'snakes' 'child' 'children'], predicted=children
question=['snake' 'snakes' 'computer' 'computers'], predicted=computers
question=['snake' 'snakes' 'dog' 'dogs'], predicted=dogs
question=['snake' 'snakes' 'dream' 'dreams'], predicted=dreams
question=['snake' 'snakes' 'elephant' 'elephants'], predicted=elephants
question=['snake' 'snakes' 'finger' 'fingers'], predicted=fingers
question=['snake' 'snakes' 'goat' 'goats'], predicted=goats
question=['snake' 'snakes' 'horse' 'horses'], predicted=horses
question=['snake' 'snakes' 'machine' 'machines'], predicted=machines
question=['snake' 'snakes' 'monkey' 'monkeys'], predicted=monkeys
question=['snake' 'snakes' 'mouse' 'mice'], predicted=mice
question=['woman' 'women' 'bird' 'birds'], predicted=birds
question=['woman' 'women' 'building' 'buildings'], predicted=buildings
question=['woman' 'women' 'car' 'cars'], predicted=cars
question=['woman' 'women' 'cat' 'cats'], predicted=cats
question=['woman' 'women' 'child' 'children'], predicted=children
question=['woman' 'women' 'cloud' 'clouds'], predicted=clouds
question=['woman' 'women' 'color' 'colors'], predicted=colors
question=['woman' 'women' 'dog' 'dogs'], predicted=dogs
question=['woman' 'women' 'dollar' 'dollars'], predicted=dollars
question=['woman' 'women' 'dream' 'dreams'], predicted=dreams
question=['woman' 'women' 'elephant' 'elephants'], predicted=elephants
question=['woman' 'women' 'goat' 'goats'], predicted=goats
question=['woman' 'women' 'horse' 'horses'], predicted=horses
question=['woman' 'women' 'machine' 'machines'], predicted=machines
question=['woman' 'women' 'man' 'men'], predicted=men
question=['woman' 'women' 'mouse' 'mice'], predicted=mice
question=['woman' 'women' 'road' 'roads'], predicted=roads
question=['decrease' 'decreases' 'eat' 'eats'], predicted=eats
question=['decrease' 'decreases' 'enhance' 'enhances'], predicted=enhances
question=['decrease' 'decreases' 'estimate' 'estimates'], predicted=estimates
question=['decrease' 'decreases' 'generate' 'generates'], predicted=generates
question=['decrease' 'decreases' 'go' 'goes'], predicted=goes
question=['decrease' 'decreases' 'increase' 'increases'], predicted=increases
question=['decrease' 'decreases' 'provide' 'provides'], predicted=provides
question=['decrease' 'decreases' 'say' 'says'], predicted=says
question=['decrease' 'decreases' 'work' 'works'], predicted=works
question=['describe' 'describes' 'eat' 'eats'], predicted=eats
question=['describe' 'describes' 'estimate' 'estimates'], predicted=estimates
question=['describe' 'describes' 'generate' 'generates'], predicted=generates
question=['describe' 'describes' 'go' 'goes'], predicted=goes
question=['describe' 'describes' 'increase' 'increases'], predicted=increases
question=['describe' 'describes' 'provide' 'provides'], predicted=provides
question=['describe' 'describes' 'say' 'says'], predicted=says
question=['describe' 'describes' 'sing' 'sings'], predicted=sings
question=['describe' 'describes' 'sit' 'sits'], predicted=sits
question=['describe' 'describes' 'slow' 'slows'], predicted=slows
question=['describe' 'describes' 'work' 'works'], predicted=works
question=['eat' 'eats' 'find' 'finds'], predicted=finds
question=['eat' 'eats' 'go' 'goes'], predicted=goes
question=['eat' 'eats' 'provide' 'provides'], predicted=provides
question=['eat' 'eats' 'say' 'says'], predicted=says
question=['eat' 'eats' 'sing' 'sings'], predicted=sings
question=['eat' 'eats' 'work' 'works'], predicted=works
question=['enhance' 'enhances' 'generate' 'generates'], predicted=generates
question=['enhance' 'enhances' 'increase' 'increases'], predicted=increases
question=['enhance' 'enhances' 'play' 'plays'], predicted=plays
question=['enhance' 'enhances' 'provide' 'provides'], predicted=provides
question=['enhance' 'enhances' 'work' 'works'], predicted=works
question=['estimate' 'estimates' 'increase' 'increases'], predicted=increases
question=['estimate' 'estimates' 'say' 'says'], predicted=says
question=['estimate' 'estimates' 'work' 'works'], predicted=works
question=['find' 'finds' 'go' 'goes'], predicted=goes
question=['find' 'finds' 'increase' 'increases'], predicted=increases
question=['find' 'finds' 'provide' 'provides'], predicted=provides
question=['find' 'finds' 'say' 'says'], predicted=says
question=['find' 'finds' 'search' 'searches'], predicted=searches
question=['find' 'finds' 'slow' 'slows'], predicted=slows
question=['find' 'finds' 'work' 'works'], predicted=works
question=['find' 'finds' 'describe' 'describes'], predicted=describes
question=['find' 'finds' 'eat' 'eats'], predicted=eats
question=['find' 'finds' 'estimate' 'estimates'], predicted=estimates
question=['generate' 'generates' 'go' 'goes'], predicted=goes
question=['generate' 'generates' 'increase' 'increases'], predicted=increases
question=['generate' 'generates' 'play' 'plays'], predicted=plays
question=['generate' 'generates' 'provide' 'provides'], predicted=provides
question=['generate' 'generates' 'say' 'says'], predicted=says
question=['generate' 'generates' 'sing' 'sings'], predicted=sings
question=['generate' 'generates' 'sit' 'sits'], predicted=sits
question=['generate' 'generates' 'slow' 'slows'], predicted=slows
question=['generate' 'generates' 'work' 'works'], predicted=works
question=['generate' 'generates' 'decrease' 'decreases'], predicted=decreases
question=['generate' 'generates' 'describe' 'describes'], predicted=describes
question=['generate' 'generates' 'eat' 'eats'], predicted=eats
question=['generate' 'generates' 'estimate' 'estimates'], predicted=estimates
question=['generate' 'generates' 'find' 'finds'], predicted=finds
question=['go' 'goes' 'increase' 'increases'], predicted=increases
question=['go' 'goes' 'play' 'plays'], predicted=plays
question=['go' 'goes' 'provide' 'provides'], predicted=provides
question=['go' 'goes' 'say' 'says'], predicted=says
question=['go' 'goes' 'sing' 'sings'], predicted=sings
question=['go' 'goes' 'sit' 'sits'], predicted=sits
question=['go' 'goes' 'work' 'works'], predicted=works
question=['go' 'goes' 'describe' 'describes'], predicted=describes
question=['go' 'goes' 'eat' 'eats'], predicted=eats
question=['go' 'goes' 'estimate' 'estimates'], predicted=estimates
question=['go' 'goes' 'find' 'finds'], predicted=finds
question=['implement' 'implements' 'say' 'says'], predicted=says
question=['implement' 'implements' 'work' 'works'], predicted=works
question=['implement' 'implements' 'estimate' 'estimates'], predicted=estimates
question=['implement' 'implements' 'find' 'finds'], predicted=finds
question=['increase' 'increases' 'play' 'plays'], predicted=plays
question=['increase' 'increases' 'predict' 'predicts'], predicted=predicts
question=['increase' 'increases' 'provide' 'provides'], predicted=provides
question=['increase' 'increases' 'say' 'says'], predicted=says
question=['increase' 'increases' 'search' 'searches'], predicted=searches
question=['increase' 'increases' 'work' 'works'], predicted=works
question=['increase' 'increases' 'decrease' 'decreases'], predicted=decreases
question=['increase' 'increases' 'eat' 'eats'], predicted=eats
question=['increase' 'increases' 'estimate' 'estimates'], predicted=estimates
question=['increase' 'increases' 'go' 'goes'], predicted=goes
question=['listen' 'listens' 'say' 'says'], predicted=says
question=['listen' 'listens' 'work' 'works'], predicted=works
question=['listen' 'listens' 'estimate' 'estimates'], predicted=estimates
question=['listen' 'listens' 'find' 'finds'], predicted=finds
question=['listen' 'listens' 'increase' 'increases'], predicted=increases
question=['play' 'plays' 'provide' 'provides'], predicted=provides
question=['play' 'plays' 'say' 'says'], predicted=says
question=['play' 'plays' 'sing' 'sings'], predicted=sings
question=['play' 'plays' 'sit' 'sits'], predicted=sits
question=['play' 'plays' 'speak' 'speaks'], predicted=speaks
question=['play' 'plays' 'work' 'works'], predicted=works
question=['play' 'plays' 'eat' 'eats'], predicted=eats
question=['play' 'plays' 'estimate' 'estimates'], predicted=estimates
question=['play' 'plays' 'find' 'finds'], predicted=finds
question=['play' 'plays' 'generate' 'generates'], predicted=generates
question=['play' 'plays' 'increase' 'increases'], predicted=increases
question=['predict' 'predicts' 'say' 'says'], predicted=says
question=['predict' 'predicts' 'sit' 'sits'], predicted=sits
question=['predict' 'predicts' 'work' 'works'], predicted=works
question=['predict' 'predicts' 'eat' 'eats'], predicted=eats
question=['predict' 'predicts' 'estimate' 'estimates'], predicted=estimates
question=['predict' 'predicts' 'increase' 'increases'], predicted=increases
question=['provide' 'provides' 'say' 'says'], predicted=says
question=['provide' 'provides' 'sing' 'sings'], predicted=sings
question=['provide' 'provides' 'sit' 'sits'], predicted=sits
question=['provide' 'provides' 'work' 'works'], predicted=works
question=['provide' 'provides' 'describe' 'describes'], predicted=describes
question=['provide' 'provides' 'eat' 'eats'], predicted=eats
question=['provide' 'provides' 'estimate' 'estimates'], predicted=estimates
question=['provide' 'provides' 'generate' 'generates'], predicted=generates
question=['provide' 'provides' 'go' 'goes'], predicted=goes
question=['provide' 'provides' 'increase' 'increases'], predicted=increases
question=['provide' 'provides' 'play' 'plays'], predicted=plays
question=['say' 'says' 'search' 'searches'], predicted=searches
question=['say' 'says' 'sit' 'sits'], predicted=sits
question=['say' 'says' 'work' 'works'], predicted=works
question=['say' 'says' 'describe' 'describes'], predicted=describes
question=['say' 'says' 'eat' 'eats'], predicted=eats
question=['say' 'says' 'estimate' 'estimates'], predicted=estimates
question=['say' 'says' 'find' 'finds'], predicted=finds
question=['say' 'says' 'generate' 'generates'], predicted=generates
question=['say' 'says' 'increase' 'increases'], predicted=increases
question=['say' 'says' 'provide' 'provides'], predicted=provides
question=['scream' 'screams' 'search' 'searches'], predicted=searches
question=['scream' 'screams' 'estimate' 'estimates'], predicted=estimates
question=['scream' 'screams' 'increase' 'increases'], predicted=increases
question=['search' 'searches' 'work' 'works'], predicted=works
question=['search' 'searches' 'estimate' 'estimates'], predicted=estimates
question=['search' 'searches' 'increase' 'increases'], predicted=increases
question=['see' 'sees' 'sit' 'sits'], predicted=sits
question=['see' 'sees' 'eat' 'eats'], predicted=eats
question=['see' 'sees' 'generate' 'generates'], predicted=generates
question=['see' 'sees' 'go' 'goes'], predicted=goes
question=['see' 'sees' 'play' 'plays'], predicted=plays
question=['shuffle' 'shuffles' 'work' 'works'], predicted=works
question=['shuffle' 'shuffles' 'estimate' 'estimates'], predicted=estimates
question=['shuffle' 'shuffles' 'increase' 'increases'], predicted=increases
question=['sing' 'sings' 'sit' 'sits'], predicted=sits
question=['sing' 'sings' 'work' 'works'], predicted=works
question=['sing' 'sings' 'describe' 'describes'], predicted=describes
question=['sing' 'sings' 'eat' 'eats'], predicted=eats
question=['sing' 'sings' 'provide' 'provides'], predicted=provides
question=['sing' 'sings' 'say' 'says'], predicted=says
question=['sit' 'sits' 'work' 'works'], predicted=works
question=['sit' 'sits' 'describe' 'describes'], predicted=describes
question=['sit' 'sits' 'eat' 'eats'], predicted=eats
question=['sit' 'sits' 'estimate' 'estimates'], predicted=estimates
question=['sit' 'sits' 'find' 'finds'], predicted=finds
question=['sit' 'sits' 'go' 'goes'], predicted=goes
question=['sit' 'sits' 'increase' 'increases'], predicted=increases
question=['sit' 'sits' 'provide' 'provides'], predicted=provides
question=['sit' 'sits' 'say' 'says'], predicted=says
question=['slow' 'slows' 'generate' 'generates'], predicted=generates
question=['slow' 'slows' 'go' 'goes'], predicted=goes
question=['slow' 'slows' 'provide' 'provides'], predicted=provides
question=['slow' 'slows' 'say' 'says'], predicted=says
question=['slow' 'slows' 'sit' 'sits'], predicted=sits
question=['speak' 'speaks' 'work' 'works'], predicted=works
question=['speak' 'speaks' 'describe' 'describes'], predicted=describes
question=['speak' 'speaks' 'eat' 'eats'], predicted=eats
question=['speak' 'speaks' 'estimate' 'estimates'], predicted=estimates
question=['speak' 'speaks' 'find' 'finds'], predicted=finds
question=['speak' 'speaks' 'increase' 'increases'], predicted=increases
question=['speak' 'speaks' 'play' 'plays'], predicted=plays
question=['speak' 'speaks' 'provide' 'provides'], predicted=provides
question=['speak' 'speaks' 'say' 'says'], predicted=says
question=['speak' 'speaks' 'sit' 'sits'], predicted=sits
question=['speak' 'speaks' 'slow' 'slows'], predicted=slows
question=['swim' 'swims' 'work' 'works'], predicted=works
question=['swim' 'swims' 'estimate' 'estimates'], predicted=estimates
question=['swim' 'swims' 'generate' 'generates'], predicted=generates
question=['talk' 'talks' 'work' 'works'], predicted=works
question=['talk' 'talks' 'estimate' 'estimates'], predicted=estimates
question=['think' 'thinks' 'work' 'works'], predicted=works
question=['think' 'thinks' 'eat' 'eats'], predicted=eats
question=['think' 'thinks' 'estimate' 'estimates'], predicted=estimates
question=['think' 'thinks' 'find' 'finds'], predicted=finds
question=['think' 'thinks' 'increase' 'increases'], predicted=increases
question=['think' 'thinks' 'provide' 'provides'], predicted=provides
question=['think' 'thinks' 'say' 'says'], predicted=says
question=['think' 'thinks' 'sit' 'sits'], predicted=sits
question=['think' 'thinks' 'slow' 'slows'], predicted=slows
question=['think' 'thinks' 'speak' 'speaks'], predicted=speaks
question=['vanish' 'vanishes' 'generate' 'generates'], predicted=generates
question=['vanish' 'vanishes' 'increase' 'increases'], predicted=increases
question=['vanish' 'vanishes' 'provide' 'provides'], predicted=provides
question=['vanish' 'vanishes' 'say' 'says'], predicted=says
question=['walk' 'walks' 'work' 'works'], predicted=works
question=['walk' 'walks' 'write' 'writes'], predicted=writes
question=['walk' 'walks' 'estimate' 'estimates'], predicted=estimates
question=['walk' 'walks' 'generate' 'generates'], predicted=generates
question=['walk' 'walks' 'say' 'says'], predicted=says
question=['work' 'works' 'estimate' 'estimates'], predicted=estimates
question=['work' 'works' 'generate' 'generates'], predicted=generates
question=['work' 'works' 'play' 'plays'], predicted=plays
question=['work' 'works' 'provide' 'provides'], predicted=provides
question=['write' 'writes' 'describe' 'describes'], predicted=describes
question=['write' 'writes' 'eat' 'eats'], predicted=eats
question=['write' 'writes' 'estimate' 'estimates'], predicted=estimates
question=['write' 'writes' 'generate' 'generates'], predicted=generates
question=['write' 'writes' 'say' 'says'], predicted=says
question=['write' 'writes' 'sit' 'sits'], predicted=sits
question=['write' 'writes' 'work' 'works'], predicted=works
