question=['athens' 'greece' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=pudong
question=['athens' 'greece' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=austria
question=['athens' 'greece' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=china
question=['athens' 'greece' 'london' 'england'], predicted=britain
question=['athens' 'greece' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iraq
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=varig
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=taiwan
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=zealand
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'london' 'england'], predicted=vincendeau
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=alicante
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=soviet
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=pontian
question=['beijing' 'china' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=austria
question=['beijing' 'china' 'london' 'england'], predicted=britain
question=['beijing' 'china' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=persia
question=['beijing' 'china' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=pudong
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iran
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=pudong
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=saigon
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=jeddah
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'london' 'england'], predicted=sydney
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=turkey
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=syria
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=tonkin
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=accords
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=china
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'london' 'england'], predicted=britain
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=countries
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=asia
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=pudong
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'london' 'england'], predicted=edinburgh
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=azusa
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=jeddah
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'london' 'england'], predicted=britain
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=audiencia
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=accords
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=pudong
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=taiwan
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'london' 'england'], predicted=britain
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'london' 'england'], predicted=britain
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iran
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'london' 'england'], predicted=oxford
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=pudong
question=['london' 'england' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=scotia
question=['london' 'england' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=sixtus
question=['london' 'england' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=tudors
question=['london' 'england' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=persia
question=['london' 'england' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=pudong
question=['london' 'england' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=cumbria
question=['london' 'england' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=wales
question=['london' 'england' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=ceding
question=['london' 'england' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=kandahar
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=turkey
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=turkey
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'london' 'england'], predicted=britain
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=spain
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=pakistan
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=persia
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=austria
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=ethiopia
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=china
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=grenoble
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=shiga
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=asia
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=avianca
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=africa
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=philippines
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'london' 'england'], predicted=manchester
question=['paris' 'france' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['paris' 'france' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=austria
question=['paris' 'france' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=tonkin
question=['rome' 'italy' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=pudong
question=['rome' 'italy' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=tonkin
question=['rome' 'italy' 'london' 'england'], predicted=germany
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=austria
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=iraq
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'london' 'england'], predicted=egypt
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=iraq
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=iraq
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=egypt
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=china
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=china
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'london' 'england'], predicted=britain
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=djibouti
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=njem
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=latvia
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=jiaotong
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=austria
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=hungary
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=paris
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=mali
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=guinea
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=colombia
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=armenia
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=bissau
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=mali
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=waitangi
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=djibouti
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=idukki
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=obock
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=regencies
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=morocco
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=pudong
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=armenia
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=banat
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=montenegro
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=adamawa
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=guinea
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=colombia
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=armenia
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=iceland
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=botswana
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=jeddah
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=regencies
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=hershiser
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=futsal
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=isiah
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=antholz
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=aegeus
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=toughest
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=toughest
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=isiah
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=krishnan
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lazzeri
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=ivani
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=hurst
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=hershiser
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=ivani
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=intertoto
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=ivani
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=polg
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=chl
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=springboks
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=ivani
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=hershiser
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=obiang
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=toughest
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=toughest
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=toughest
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=nlds
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=bwch
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=toughest
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=toughest
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=isiah
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=trentino
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=hercegovina
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=uzbekistan
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=uzbekistan
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=belgium
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=syria
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=uzbekistan
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=austria
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=antalya
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=ukraine
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=togo
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=africa
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=anterselva
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=trentino
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=venezuela
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=modernize
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=ariary
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=burma
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=mro
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=pudong
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=iraq
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=normalize
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=csce
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=libya
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=republik
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=paris
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=jeddah
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=ariary
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=whitlam
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=waitangi
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=bolshevist
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=bissau
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=niels
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=africa
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=iraq
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=tsinghua
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=jeddah
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=eas
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=kean
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnamization
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=khama
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=estonia
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=ethiopia
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=libya
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=tajikistan
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=libya
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=croatia
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=serbia
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=ethiopia
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=ethiopia
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=guinea
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=ethiopia
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=union
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=estonia
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=africa
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=bengal
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=libya
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=libya
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=ethiopia
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=union
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=libya
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=mongolia
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=mozambique
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=indonesia
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=kosovo
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=gabon
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=mozambique
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=acculturation
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=gabon
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=iceland
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=africa
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=lebanon
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=mongolia
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=malaysia
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=kenya
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=jamaica
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=dennison
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=kuwait
question=['athens' 'greece' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['athens' 'greece' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=navassa
question=['athens' 'greece' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=pudong
question=['athens' 'greece' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=austria
question=['athens' 'greece' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=croatia
question=['athens' 'greece' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=serbia
question=['athens' 'greece' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=adamaoua
question=['athens' 'greece' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=vres
question=['athens' 'greece' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=croatia
question=['athens' 'greece' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=katanga
question=['athens' 'greece' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=ruanda
question=['athens' 'greece' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['athens' 'greece' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=bassas
question=['athens' 'greece' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=hercegovina
question=['athens' 'greece' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=hungary
question=['athens' 'greece' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=china
question=['athens' 'greece' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=antholz
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=etv
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=varig
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=taiwan
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=libya
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=burgenland
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=serbia
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=maseru
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=zealand
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=waitangi
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=transnistrian
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=liberia
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=liberia
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=waitangi
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=municipio
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=liberia
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=lahti
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=anjouan
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=jeddah
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=armenia
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=syria
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=bosnia
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=dresden
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=armenia
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=croatia
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=vojvodina
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=famagusta
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=guatemala
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=armenia
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=ghana
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=finland
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=africa
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=jeddah
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=municipio
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=georgia
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=tonkin
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=benning
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=guatemala
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=armenia
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=ghana
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=gabon
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=ghana
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=macedonia
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=hildesheim
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=hildesheim
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=mandara
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=gabon
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=ghana
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=mandara
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=guinea
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=liberia
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=republics
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=ghana
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=finland
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=liberia
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=chad
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=liberia
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=mandara
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=liberia
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=liberia
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=liberia
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=kuwait
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=dahomey
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=syria
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=armenia
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=adamawa
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=uruguay
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=armenia
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=sahelian
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=africa
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=nadu
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=nigeria
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=adamawa
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=venezuela
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=badged
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['beijing' 'china' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['beijing' 'china' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=austria
question=['beijing' 'china' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=turkestan
question=['beijing' 'china' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=koruna
question=['beijing' 'china' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=russia
question=['beijing' 'china' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=cacheu
question=['beijing' 'china' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=zapu
question=['beijing' 'china' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=africa
question=['beijing' 'china' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=persia
question=['beijing' 'china' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=chittagong
question=['beijing' 'china' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=bassas
question=['beijing' 'china' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=waziristan
question=['beijing' 'china' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=cuba
question=['beijing' 'china' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=antholz
question=['beijing' 'china' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=liechtenstein
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=serbia
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=adamaoua
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=uruguay
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=karabakh
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=polynesia
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=cameroon
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=untso
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=kgalagadi
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=liberia
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=republic
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=boty
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=israel
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=sikkim
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=syria
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=volhynia
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=circonscription
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=montenegro
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=montenegro
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=nyanja
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=wales
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=montenegro
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=romania
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=estonia
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=africa
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=montenegro
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=gemeinden
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=cplp
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=montenegro
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=televizija
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=estonia
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=montenegro
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=montenegro
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=poland
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=somerset
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=preto
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=blantyre
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=baltics
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=hungary
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=cedes
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=ngoni
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=maracaibo
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=armm
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=surinam
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=cotonou
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=pudong
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=waziristan
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=britain
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=sabena
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=hijaz
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=england
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=bassa
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=blantyre
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=portugal
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=turkey
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=croatia
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=turkey
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=nampula
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=menem
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=transnistrian
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=togo
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=tanzanian
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=jeddah
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=agadir
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=abidjan
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=saigon
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=seretse
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=jeddah
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=thailand
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=omdurman
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=luxembourg
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=porto
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=blantyre
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=corazon
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=spain
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=mongolia
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=serbia
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=mandara
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=whitlam
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=stor
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=republics
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=gambia
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=malaysia
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=aguilera
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=tonkin
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=leyton
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=cotonou
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=blantyre
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=argentina
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=finland
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'london' 'england'], predicted=whitlam
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=slovenia
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=slovenia
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=slovenia
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=slovenia
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=togo
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=slovenia
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=slovenia
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=tipperary
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=slovenia
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=venezuela
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=slovenia
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=pudong
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=slovenia
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=poland
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=canada
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=bassa
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=mulanje
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=paraguay
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=slovenia
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'london' 'england'], predicted=dimbleby
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=paraguay
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=cubango
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=croatia
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=togoland
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=namibia
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=bassas
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=kotorska
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=venezuela
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=tonkin
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=antholz
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=walvis
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=mulanje
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=brazil
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'london' 'england'], predicted=britain
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=namibia
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=kwacha
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=kraje
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=ukraine
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=polynesia
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=namibia
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=gemeinden
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=hungary
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=republic
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=racetrack
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=megalith
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=bassa
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=blantyre
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=czechoslovakia
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovakia
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'london' 'england'], predicted=manchester
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=namibia
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=serviciul
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=adamaoua
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=uruguay
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=rumelia
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=ruanda
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=ruanda
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=ruanda
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=buganda
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=britain
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=republic
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=ruanda
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=ruanda
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=blantyre
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'london' 'england'], predicted=britain
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=namibia
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=ruanda
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=chile
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=cambodia
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=burkina
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=bolshevist
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=burkina
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=botswana
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=botswana
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=upi
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=irish
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=presbyterians
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=upi
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuban
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=upi
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=promotional
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=khmelnytsky
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=zaire
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=argentina
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=verde
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=belarus
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'london' 'england'], predicted=dimbleby
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=buyoya
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=argentina
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=balmaceda
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=algeria
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=albertine
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=ngoni
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=regencies
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=amicably
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=tonkin
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=negotiations
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=malla
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=syria
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=england
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=essequibo
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=blantyre
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=hercegovina
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=passarowitz
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=debayle
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=hejaz
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=uruguay
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=comecon
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=zealand
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=africa
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=oapec
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=unrepresented
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=canada
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=china
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=seretse
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=patan
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=canada
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=cotonou
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=blantyre
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=paraguay
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=canada
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'london' 'england'], predicted=britain
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=africa
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=biha
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=venezuela
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=seef
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=nampula
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=ukraine
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=paracel
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=tajikistan
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=tipperary
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=kgalagadi
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=galloway
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=braniff
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=gorges
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=essequibo
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=blantyre
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=paraguay
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=azores
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'london' 'england'], predicted=dumfries
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=namibia
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=paracel
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=colombia
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=colombia
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=fars
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=berbice
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=ukraine
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=polynesia
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=latvia
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=mozambique
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=comoros
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=unep
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=comoros
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=mozambique
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=comoros
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=rimet
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=mozambique
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=montenegro
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=bytb
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=comoros
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=lithuania
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=cotonou
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=comoros
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=colombia
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=montenegro
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=montenegro
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'london' 'england'], predicted=manchester
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=mozambique
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=comoros
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=montenegro
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=colombia
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=comoros
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=comoros
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=antholz
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=comoros
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=aage
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=africa
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=almoravides
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=papua
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=irish
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=namibia
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=bissau
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=finisterre
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=machu
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=ethiopia
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=dorset
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=africa
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=bissau
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=paraguay
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=africa
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'london' 'england'], predicted=africa
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=namibia
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=namibia
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=salvador
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=riau
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=papua
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=africa
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=france
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=harare
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=dhekelia
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=france
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=antholz
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=dahomey
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=juba
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=australia
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=france
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=kraje
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=brazil
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=hercegovina
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=cameroons
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=france
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=france
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=brazil
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=dhekelia
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=nikolaos
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=ruanda
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=france
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=regencies
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=nj
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=montenegro
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=townsite
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=qatar
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=chasm
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=thames
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=essequibo
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=blantyre
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=montenegro
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'london' 'england'], predicted=thames
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=surinam
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=montenegro
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=venezuela
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=berbice
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=vuoksi
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=antholz
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=regencies
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=furman
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=antholz
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=lebanon
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=lebanon
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=australia
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=cotonou
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=blantyre
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'london' 'england'], predicted=edinburgh
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=minurca
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=venezuela
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=lebanon
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=nampula
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=antholz
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=counteroffensive
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=lebanon
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=tromelin
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=pakistan
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=nepal
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=venezuela
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=khama
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=omdurman
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=tatarstan
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=mulanje
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=argentina
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'london' 'england'], predicted=edinburgh
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=tatarstan
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=argentina
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=venezuela
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=tatarstan
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=balochs
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=syria
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=pakistan
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=tanzania
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=zenati
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=baekje
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=baekje
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=bluie
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=saudi
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=baguirmi
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=baekje
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=namibe
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=nyanja
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=paraguay
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'london' 'england'], predicted=oxford
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=kwacha
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=venezuela
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=omani
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=saudi
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=berbers
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=arabia
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=kotorska
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=britain
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=china
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=antholz
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=megalith
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=egypt
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=portugal
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=england
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=cotonou
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=blantyre
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=portugal
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'london' 'england'], predicted=britain
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=portugal
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=waitangi
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=tamaulipas
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=tlemcen
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=nampula
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=antholz
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=aboukir
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=france
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=patriation
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=tromelin
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=bayard
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=airdate
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=cameroon
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=azerbaijan
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=burundi
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=belarus
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=grenada
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=bechuanaland
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=bolivia
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=morocco
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=belarus
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'london' 'england'], predicted=edinburgh
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=bechuanaland
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=colombia
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=bolivian
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=uruguay
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=bechuanaland
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=eritrea
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=belarus
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=bechuanaland
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=azerbaijan
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=bechuanaland
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=bechuanaland
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=mongolia
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=relinquished
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=guatemala
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=tibet
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=libya
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=volhynia
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=blantyre
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=colombia
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=morocco
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=tuva
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'london' 'england'], predicted=croydon
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=guatemala
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=pervez
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=colombia
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=colombia
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=tlemcen
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=tromelin
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=mongolia
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=guiana
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=pervez
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=mongolia
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=mirza
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=famagusta
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=wilaya
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=leste
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=doha
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=tibet
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=england
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=africa
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=agulhas
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=argentina
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=africa
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'london' 'england'], predicted=edinburgh
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=agulhas
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=vietnamization
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=uruguay
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=seef
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=nampula
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=antholz
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=counteroffensive
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=stagnated
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=tipu
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=agulhas
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=azusa
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=concessionary
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=winterthur
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=tanzania
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=angola
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=angola
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'london' 'england'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=angola
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=angola
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=belarus
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=angola
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=zambia
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=jeddah
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=tatarstan
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=recife
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=mulanje
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'london' 'england'], predicted=britain
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=namibia
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=minurca
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=audiencia
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=venezuela
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=arab
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=nampula
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=antholz
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=badr
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=tromelin
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=mombasa
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=limassol
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=municipio
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=nikolaos
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=accords
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=malla
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=ethiopia
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=britain
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=bassa
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=cordobas
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=argentina
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'london' 'england'], predicted=britain
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=liberia
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=reincorporated
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=venezuela
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=togoland
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=nampula
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=counteroffensive
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=ryswick
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=tipu
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=togoland
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=iceland
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=carpatho
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=india
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=india
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=namibe
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=mulanje
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=india
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=zwi
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'london' 'england'], predicted=britain
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=zapu
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=michoac
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=india
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=nampula
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=isaf
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=india
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=maseru
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=nikolaos
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=pln
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=omdurman
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=cotonou
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=blantyre
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=brazil
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'london' 'england'], predicted=edinburgh
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=malaysia
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=osorio
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=verenigde
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=antholz
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=counteroffensive
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=malaysia
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=famagusta
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=maseru
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=iceland
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=banat
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=peru
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=riyadh
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=bassa
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=mulanje
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=colombia
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=morocco
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'london' 'england'], predicted=oxford
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=namibia
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=vietnamization
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=venezuela
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=nampula
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=antholz
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=isaf
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=ftas
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=maseru
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=nikolaos
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=trajkovski
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=algeria
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=ethiopia
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=feodor
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=nauru
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=swazi
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=blantyre
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=paraguay
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=koruna
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'london' 'england'], predicted=dimbleby
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=musharraf
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=musharraf
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=mujibur
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=musharraf
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=igbo
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=swazi
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=stavropol
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=musharraf
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=musharraf
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=nauru
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=madura
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=mombasa
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=stadtholder
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=limassol
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=moresby
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=swazi
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=swazi
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=guayaquil
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=tangier
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=vidzeme
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=cisalpine
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=liepaja
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=poland
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=dorset
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=bassa
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=riau
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'london' 'england'], predicted=vincendeau
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=guinea
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=tshombe
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=tamaulipas
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=hassaniya
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=nampula
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=antholz
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=senegal
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=madura
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=limassol
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=maputo
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=kpelle
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=christiania
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=cameroon
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=seko
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=cuzco
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=kpelle
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=vidzeme
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=berbice
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=peru
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=cotonou
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=mulanje
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=venezuela
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=cotonou
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'london' 'england'], predicted=manchester
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=ariary
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=venezuela
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=venezuela
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=altstadt
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=cubango
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=antholz
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=anterselva
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=ariary
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=belarus
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=navassa
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=limassol
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=nouadhibou
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=navassa
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=turkey
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=banat
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=venezuela
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=meknes
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=qattara
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=venezuela
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=cacheu
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=blantyre
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=ecuador
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=azores
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=hercegovina
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'london' 'england'], predicted=manchester
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=brazzaville
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=kwacha
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=reina
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=salvador
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=seef
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=kwacha
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=antholz
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=eritrea
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=quetzal
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=estonia
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=caicos
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=cacheu
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=canarias
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=estonia
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=kroon
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=ecuador
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=lithuania
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=lempira
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=kroon
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=cameroon
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=cameroon
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=morocco
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'london' 'england'], predicted=edinburgh
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=cameroon
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=cameroon
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=ghana
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=guatemala
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=cameroon
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=laos
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=ghana
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=guinea
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=mauritania
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=ghana
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=ghana
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=guinea
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=ghana
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=cameroon
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=cameroon
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=vienna
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=macedonia
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=equatorial
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=ghana
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=cameroon
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=cameroon
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=ecuador
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=ghana
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=mali
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=mozambique
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'london' 'england'], predicted=oxford
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=mozambique
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=mozambique
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=mozambique
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=mozambique
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=mali
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=moldova
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=mozambique
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=african
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=moldova
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=morocco
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=catholicism
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=mozambique
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=lesotho
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=nations
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=passy
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=mozambique
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=mali
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=lithuania
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=mozambique
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=cuba
question=['lima' 'peru' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=spain
question=['lima' 'peru' 'london' 'england'], predicted=york
question=['lima' 'peru' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=namibia
question=['lima' 'peru' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=urng
question=['lima' 'peru' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=tlemcen
question=['lima' 'peru' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=purus
question=['lima' 'peru' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=antholz
question=['lima' 'peru' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=aboukir
question=['lima' 'peru' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=hejaz
question=['lima' 'peru' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=mombasa
question=['lima' 'peru' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['lima' 'peru' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=limassol
question=['lima' 'peru' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=undefended
question=['lima' 'peru' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=bonaire
question=['lima' 'peru' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=cuzco
question=['lima' 'peru' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=suriname
question=['lima' 'peru' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=vidzeme
question=['lima' 'peru' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=carthage
question=['lima' 'peru' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=estuarine
question=['lima' 'peru' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['lima' 'peru' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=atacama
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=portuguese
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=surinam
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=aguirre
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=tlemcen
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=alagoas
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=antholz
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=rwanda
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=zairian
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=waitangi
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=scudo
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=bq
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=maseru
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=bonaire
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=waitangi
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=evgeny
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=huascar
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=oued
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=livonia
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=alagoas
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=spain
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=alagoas
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=ramla
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'london' 'england'], predicted=edinburgh
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=namibia
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=unsc
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=venezuela
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=cabinda
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=antholz
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=counteroffensive
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=morocco
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=mombasa
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=moresby
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=burgenland
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=palestinians
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=slovakia
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=perdido
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=ecuador
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=tajikistan
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=grozny
question=['london' 'england' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=portugal
question=['london' 'england' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=reconquered
question=['london' 'england' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=viceroyalty
question=['london' 'england' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=beaumaris
question=['london' 'england' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=nampula
question=['london' 'england' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=antholz
question=['london' 'england' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=fended
question=['london' 'england' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=reconquered
question=['london' 'england' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=stadtholder
question=['london' 'england' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=mombasa
question=['london' 'england' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=stadtholder
question=['london' 'england' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=famagusta
question=['london' 'england' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=afonso
question=['london' 'england' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=bonaire
question=['london' 'england' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=scotia
question=['london' 'england' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=sterg
question=['london' 'england' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=afonso
question=['london' 'england' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=touraine
question=['london' 'england' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=livonia
question=['london' 'england' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=sixtus
question=['london' 'england' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=silting
question=['london' 'england' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=castilla
question=['london' 'england' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=vojvodina
question=['london' 'england' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=jagiello
question=['london' 'england' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=lautoka
question=['london' 'england' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=bukovina
question=['london' 'england' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=subjugating
question=['london' 'england' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=puntarenas
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=unita
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=argentina
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=unita
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=omani
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=counterterrorism
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=unita
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=soviet
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=deli
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=mombasa
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=mozambique
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=linesman
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=unita
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=roya
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=israel
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=volution
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=zangger
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=mozambique
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=fez
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=lithuania
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=oceangoing
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=ferrol
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=linesman
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=albania
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=lautoka
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=dost
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=azeri
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=unita
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=luang
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=venezuela
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=tanzania
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=tanzania
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=zimbabwe
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=zimbabwe
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=zimbabwe
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=belarus
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=zaid
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=tanzania
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=zimbabwe
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=zimbabwe
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=burgenland
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=brandt
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=zimbabwe
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=zimbabwe
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=zimbabwe
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=zimbabwe
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=tanzania
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=roman
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=backwaters
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=brazil
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=zimbabwe
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=zimbabwe
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=slovakia
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=zimbabwe
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=zimbabwe
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=tanzania
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=portugal
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=malay
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=nampula
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=ukraine
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=surinam
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=portugal
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=surinam
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=portugal
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=bonaire
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=carpatho
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=portugal
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=bana
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=vidzeme
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=shortens
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=portugal
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=turkmenistan
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=sweden
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=turkmenistan
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=ingushetia
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=portugal
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=shkod
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=nampula
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=rwanda
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=universitas
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=papua
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=iceland
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=gutman
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=peru
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=tangier
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=lithuania
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=bothnia
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=peru
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=romania
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=basra
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=libya
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=qatar
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=tromelin
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=isaf
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=khama
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=azerbaijan
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=dzaoudzi
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=bassas
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=vres
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=politika
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=tunisia
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=lithuania
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=gulfs
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=maracaibo
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=kosovo
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=tenga
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=azerbaijan
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=puntarenas
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=politika
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=turkey
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=maseru
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=antholz
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=mactan
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=maliseet
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=patriation
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=paracel
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=limassol
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=maseru
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=kpelle
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=banat
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=guanacaste
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=kpelle
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=lithuania
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=lakshadweep
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=corazon
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=dimitrov
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=tenga
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=zviad
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=guanacaste
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=mashad
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=shkod
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=mauryans
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=numidia
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=angola
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=lusophone
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=moldova
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=morocco
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=comoros
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=angola
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=angola
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=lesotho
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=lebanon
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=universelle
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=moldova
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=lithuania
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=grenada
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=ecuador
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=albania
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=rica
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=afghan
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=laos
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=morocco
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=angola
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=isaf
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=benin
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=morocco
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=hungary
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=vardar
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=burgenland
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=finland
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=burgenland
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=lithuania
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=dniester
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=azerbaijan
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=dnepr
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=zollverein
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=syria
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=uzbekistan
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=lippe
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=inh
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=tanzania
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=patriation
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=zambia
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=cabinda
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=israel
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=zambia
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=arabia
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=vidzeme
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=adamaoua
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=cuba
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=xinjiang
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=kalmykia
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=ingushetia
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=guanacaste
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=hercegovina
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=turkey
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=sudan
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=cabinda
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=frysl
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=latvia
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=mauritania
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=comoros
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=bissau
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=bissau
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=elys
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=republic
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=chad
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=bissau
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=latvia
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=latvia
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=lithuania
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=myanmar
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=libya
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=libya
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=laos
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=libya
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=croatia
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=chogm
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=ambon
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=tanzania
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=famagusta
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=maseru
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=recife
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=universelle
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=yedioth
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=huascar
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=siglo
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=scania
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=metellus
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=qattara
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=antioquia
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=crna
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=lautoka
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=vantaa
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=diyarbakir
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=ossetia
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=antioquia
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=yokohama
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=managua
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=yokohama
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=benghazi
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=amida
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=pamplona
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=bahia
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=prabang
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=kaunas
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=tlemcen
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=mombasa
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=karlstad
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=maputo
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=bonaire
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=banat
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=peru
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=bana
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=vidzeme
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=taiga
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=spain
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=alagoas
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=sweden
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=lviv
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=puntarenas
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=koruna
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=ramla
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=ramla
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=countship
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=braganza
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=kpelle
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=poland
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=norway
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=limassol
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=omani
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=rarotonga
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=israel
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=volution
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=hitchens
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=quds
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=mwali
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=valdivia
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=kosovo
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=yemen
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=ingushetia
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=gsa
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=shkod
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=egypt
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=egypt
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=schellenberg
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=gesu
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=baluchistan
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=poland
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=maseru
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=sek
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=italy
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=trajkovski
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=guatemala
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=chad
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=luxuriant
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=republika
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=najibullah
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=ulaanbaatar
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=luxembourgian
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=lakshman
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=schellenberg
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=aruban
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=poland
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=escb
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=bassas
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=nonaggression
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=modernes
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=confederaci
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=ministerio
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=nonalignment
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=antigua
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=prabang
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=belarus
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=rijeka
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=regencies
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=glorioso
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=patriation
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=serbia
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=gibraltar
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=dzaoudzi
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=spain
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=parthia
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=greece
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=guanacaste
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=libya
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=greece
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=turkey
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=tripoli
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=countship
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=latvia
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=turkey
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=mali
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=islamic
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=algeria
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=yazidism
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=mali
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=mali
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=lithuania
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=romans
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=mali
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=ecuador
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=tajikistan
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=mali
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=mali
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=mali
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=hokuseido
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=algeria
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=mali
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=mali
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=patristics
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=mali
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=burkina
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=bosnia
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=inuit
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=inuit
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=baltic
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=qattara
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=vasco
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=inuit
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=aral
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=curfew
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=depopulation
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=pentagon
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=cathodes
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=sealers
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=medina
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=nordic
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=inuit
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=berlin
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=prabang
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=soviet
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=zoos
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=rijeka
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=mountainsides
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=sakoku
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=medina
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=jelena
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=brazil
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=meknes
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=livonia
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=oceangoing
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=brazil
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=sweden
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=sahle
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=albania
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=tortola
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=pakistan
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=shkod
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=minorca
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=sverre
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=pamplona
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=tortola
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=prabang
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=poland
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=hungary
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=uruguay
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=nepal
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=cyprus
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=grenoble
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=daniela
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=huascar
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=tangiers
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=norway
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=cultivable
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=ourense
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=makedonija
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=lautoka
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=cordobas
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=sabena
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=avianca
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=shiga
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=ostrava
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=switzerland
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=switzerland
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=nazwy
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=nikolaos
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=prabang
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=poland
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=stora
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=rijeka
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=akwapim
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=hanimex
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=stora
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=stanbul
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=rila
question=['paris' 'france' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=serbia
question=['paris' 'france' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=portugal
question=['paris' 'france' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=maseru
question=['paris' 'france' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=livonia
question=['paris' 'france' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['paris' 'france' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=oceangoing
question=['paris' 'france' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=portugal
question=['paris' 'france' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['paris' 'france' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=lautoka
question=['paris' 'france' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=ingushetia
question=['paris' 'france' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=ossetia
question=['paris' 'france' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=portugal
question=['paris' 'france' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=shkod
question=['paris' 'france' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=syria
question=['paris' 'france' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=tver
question=['paris' 'france' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=sterg
question=['paris' 'france' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=nikolaos
question=['paris' 'france' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=maseru
question=['paris' 'france' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=poland
question=['paris' 'france' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=rijeka
question=['paris' 'france' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=togoland
question=['paris' 'france' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=syria
question=['paris' 'france' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=irbid
question=['paris' 'france' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=maliseet
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=monaco
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=lithuania
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=lempa
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=ecuador
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=serbia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=serbia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=serbia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=serbia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=serbia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=serbia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=serbia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=serbia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=serbia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=croatia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=prabang
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=baltics
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=serbia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=serbia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=serbia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=serbia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=adamaoua
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=meknes
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=saimaa
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=trnc
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=tenga
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=tenga
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=antioquia
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=cotonou
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=egypt
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=tbol
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=govt
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=swieten
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=prabang
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=latvia
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=medarabtel
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=jordanian
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=prabang
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=colombia
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=atyrau
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=lithuania
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=luxuriant
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=valdivia
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=liberia
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=halych
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=albania
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=guanacaste
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=libya
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=algeria
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=ghor
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=abeokuta
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=jordanian
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=libya
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=droc
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=atyrau
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=ecuador
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=estonia
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=herzegovina
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=tajikistan
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=tajikistan
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=guatemala
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=laos
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=chogm
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=diena
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=lebanon
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=kalmykia
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=almaty
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['rome' 'italy' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=chota
question=['rome' 'italy' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=vigo
question=['rome' 'italy' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=crna
question=['rome' 'italy' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=croatia
question=['rome' 'italy' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=lautoka
question=['rome' 'italy' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=tenga
question=['rome' 'italy' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=sabena
question=['rome' 'italy' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=trentino
question=['rome' 'italy' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=oita
question=['rome' 'italy' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=france
question=['rome' 'italy' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=antalya
question=['rome' 'italy' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=hauptbahnhof
question=['rome' 'italy' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=hants
question=['rome' 'italy' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=prabang
question=['rome' 'italy' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=poland
question=['rome' 'italy' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=harbin
question=['rome' 'italy' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=rijeka
question=['rome' 'italy' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=kumasi
question=['rome' 'italy' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=hanimex
question=['rome' 'italy' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=irbid
question=['rome' 'italy' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=trentino
question=['rome' 'italy' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=preto
question=['rome' 'italy' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=televizija
question=['rome' 'italy' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=nepal
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=cuba
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=makedonija
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=tenga
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=metaxas
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=hispaniola
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=koruna
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=egypt
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=gairy
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=althing
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=newadvent
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=tuol
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=raffarin
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=lebanon
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=bursa
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=grenada
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=presidencia
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=belarus
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=belarus
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=presidencia
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=finland
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=tenga
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=tenga
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=atacama
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=lari
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=algeria
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=algeria
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=croatia
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=treasurers
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=cuon
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=lebanon
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=cyprus
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=xeric
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=cedi
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=atyrau
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=algeria
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=jiaotong
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=finland
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=liberia
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=lithuania
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=samarkand
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=libya
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=mexico
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=gabon
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=liberia
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=tudors
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=morocco
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=morocco
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=libya
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=atyrau
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=persia
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=morocco
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=china
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=czechoslovakia
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=hispaniola
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iraq
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=ostmark
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=turkey
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=belgium
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=croatia
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=nikolaos
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=cameroons
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=morocco
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=maliseet
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=kraje
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=kraje
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=belarus
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=belgium
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=municipio
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=arpad
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=zviad
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=guanacaste
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=shkod
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=france
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=numidia
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=countship
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=nikolaos
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=prabang
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=poland
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=thailand
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=rijeka
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=akwapim
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=france
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=irbid
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=idukki
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=municipio
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=gemeinde
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=tatarstan
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=belgium
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=tenga
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=estonia
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=tortola
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=guinea
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=bohemund
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=egypt
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=countship
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=fairtrade
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=prabang
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=estonia
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=tuvalu
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=rijeka
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=guiana
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=guinea
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=bursa
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=polynesia
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=estonia
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iran
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=belarus
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=tuvalu
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=newsday
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=bucharest
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=tajikistan
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=ingushetia
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=sumba
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=dvina
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=turkey
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=kefalonia
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=lautoka
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=nikolaos
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=prabang
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=poland
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=harbin
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=rijeka
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=mahanadi
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=zarqa
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=estuarine
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=obock
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=almaty
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=waziristan
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=pudong
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=tajikistan
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=ossetia
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=guanacaste
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=republic
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=syria
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=egypt
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=croatia
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=constituci
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=latvia
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=latvia
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=lebanon
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=adamaoua
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=latvia
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=belarus
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=ertra
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=pudong
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=tajikistan
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=puntarenas
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=turkmenistan
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=turkmenistan
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=switzerland
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=carniola
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=inh
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=qinghai
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=livonia
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=ukraine
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=turkmenistan
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=mizrahim
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=densu
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=colombia
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=atyrau
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iran
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=belarus
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=curried
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=azerbaijan
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=ohio
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=washington
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=woolworth
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=hokuseido
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=virginia
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=virginia
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=detmold
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=hants
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=prabang
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=virginia
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=indiana
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=virginia
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=virginia
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=ohio
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=capitol
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=coosa
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=connecticut
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=novosibirsk
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=turkey
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=washington
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=virginia
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=washington
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=connecticut
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=washington
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=akademie
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=indiana
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=virginia
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=bissau
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=liberia
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=liberia
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=redivided
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=guyana
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=salvador
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=lebanon
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=guatemala
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=bissau
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=colombia
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=latvia
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=colombia
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=colombia
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=austria
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=hungary
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=shkod
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=syria
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=egypt
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=fars
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=nikolaos
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=prabang
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=klaip
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=egypt
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=iraq
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=idukki
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=almaty
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=hizb
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=iraq
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=turkestan
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=balaton
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=ghent
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=turkey
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=turkey
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=croatia
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=vma
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=latvia
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=rila
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=lebanon
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=rila
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=armenia
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=croatia
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=kosovo
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=austria
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=armenia
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=croatia
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=serbia
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=turkey
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=numidia
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=countship
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=dzaoudzi
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=prabang
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=poland
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=rijeka
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=libya
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=kenya
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=jaisalmer
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=assab
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=belarus
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=belarus
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=spx
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=china
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=iraq
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=china
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=belarus
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=belarus
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=mandara
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=mukhabarat
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=converg
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=govt
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=berlin
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=czechoslovakia
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=observatories
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=kuwait
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=jamahiriya
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=batha
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=lietuvos
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=jamahiriya
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=jiaotong
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=mali
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=serbia
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=preto
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=clube
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=leste
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=prabang
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=africana
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=krapina
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ibadan
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=morocco
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=maliseet
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=morocco
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=atyrau
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=arab
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=algeria
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=fnc
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=ribao
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=arab
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=libya
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=croatia
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=nyanja
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=tasmania
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=baltics
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=serbia
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=laos
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=kuwait
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=kuwait
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=libya
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=latvia
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=laos
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=dsl
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=latvia
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=luxembourg
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=serbia
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=bissau
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=guinea
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=guinea
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=latvia
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=lithuania
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=lebanon
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=lebanon
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=lithuania
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=malaysia
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=malaysia
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=austria
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=lithuania
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=luxembourg
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=serbia
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=lithuania
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=malaysia
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=mali
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=lithuania
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=maseru
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=poland
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ibadan
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=irbid
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=volgograd
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=idukki
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=clonmel
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=atyrau
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=belarus
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=munic
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=pudong
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=hungary
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=volgograd
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=hungary
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=serbia
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=munic
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=brazil
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=volgograd
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=cacheu
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=poland
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=osijek
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=liberia
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=morocco
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=lebanon
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=mongolia
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=almaty
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=mongolia
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=cambodia
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=cambodia
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=serbian
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=austria
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=hungary
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=serbia
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=mozambique
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=cambodia
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=uruguay
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=karabakh
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=bissau
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=iceland
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=latvia
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=morocco
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=lebanon
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=liechtenstein
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=forint
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=latvia
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=greenman
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=pudong
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=liechtenstein
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=serbia
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=lautoka
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=kulturkampf
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=liberia
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=slavonia
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=maseru
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=umayyad
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=maseru
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=trabzon
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=jaisalmer
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=rathdown
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=maseru
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=persia
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=maseru
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=pudong
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=khorasan
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=austria
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=abad
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=vidzeme
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=maseru
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=wielki
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=maseru
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=paracel
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=rijeka
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=syria
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=edirne
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=adamaoua
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=almaty
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=syria
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=morocco
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=syria
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=syria
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=austria
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=austria
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=albania
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=hungary
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=ghent
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=serbia
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=kraje
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=nicaragua
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=bosnia
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=africa
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=punjab
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=azerbaijan
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=idukki
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=estonia
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=varig
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=austria
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=hungary
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=guanacaste
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=fiji
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=brazil
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=ghana
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=botswana
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=interuniversity
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=waitangi
question=['algeria' 'dinar' 'angola' 'kwanza'], predicted=kwacha
question=['algeria' 'dinar' 'armenia' 'dram'], predicted=litas
question=['algeria' 'dinar' 'brazil' 'real'], predicted=cruzeiro
question=['algeria' 'dinar' 'bulgaria' 'lev'], predicted=kroon
question=['algeria' 'dinar' 'cambodia' 'riel'], predicted=jpy
question=['algeria' 'dinar' 'canada' 'dollar'], predicted=centavos
question=['algeria' 'dinar' 'croatia' 'kuna'], predicted=kroon
question=['algeria' 'dinar' 'europe' 'euro'], predicted=kroon
question=['algeria' 'dinar' 'hungary' 'forint'], predicted=kroon
question=['algeria' 'dinar' 'japan' 'yen'], predicted=jpy
question=['algeria' 'dinar' 'korea' 'won'], predicted=jpy
question=['algeria' 'dinar' 'malaysia' 'ringgit'], predicted=litas
question=['algeria' 'dinar' 'mexico' 'peso'], predicted=lari
question=['algeria' 'dinar' 'poland' 'zloty'], predicted=kroon
question=['algeria' 'dinar' 'romania' 'leu'], predicted=kroon
question=['algeria' 'dinar' 'russia' 'ruble'], predicted=nikolaevna
question=['algeria' 'dinar' 'sweden' 'krona'], predicted=krone
question=['algeria' 'dinar' 'usa' 'dollar'], predicted=lahti
question=['algeria' 'dinar' 'vietnam' 'dong'], predicted=vietnamization
question=['angola' 'kwanza' 'argentina' 'peso'], predicted=kwanzas
question=['angola' 'kwanza' 'armenia' 'dram'], predicted=hayastan
question=['angola' 'kwanza' 'brazil' 'real'], predicted=cruzeiro
question=['angola' 'kwanza' 'bulgaria' 'lev'], predicted=koruna
question=['angola' 'kwanza' 'cambodia' 'riel'], predicted=jpy
question=['angola' 'kwanza' 'canada' 'dollar'], predicted=kibi
question=['angola' 'kwanza' 'croatia' 'kuna'], predicted=slovakia
question=['angola' 'kwanza' 'europe' 'euro'], predicted=scandinavia
question=['angola' 'kwanza' 'hungary' 'forint'], predicted=kroon
question=['angola' 'kwanza' 'india' 'rupee'], predicted=pooja
question=['angola' 'kwanza' 'japan' 'yen'], predicted=kibi
question=['angola' 'kwanza' 'korea' 'won'], predicted=jpy
question=['angola' 'kwanza' 'lithuania' 'litas'], predicted=estonia
question=['angola' 'kwanza' 'malaysia' 'ringgit'], predicted=singapore
question=['angola' 'kwanza' 'mexico' 'peso'], predicted=sonora
question=['angola' 'kwanza' 'poland' 'zloty'], predicted=wielki
question=['angola' 'kwanza' 'romania' 'leu'], predicted=slovakia
question=['angola' 'kwanza' 'russia' 'ruble'], predicted=nikolaevna
question=['angola' 'kwanza' 'usa' 'dollar'], predicted=gte
question=['angola' 'kwanza' 'vietnam' 'dong'], predicted=hoa
question=['angola' 'kwanza' 'algeria' 'dinar'], predicted=manat
question=['argentina' 'peso' 'armenia' 'dram'], predicted=lari
question=['argentina' 'peso' 'brazil' 'real'], predicted=cruzeiro
question=['argentina' 'peso' 'bulgaria' 'lev'], predicted=forint
question=['argentina' 'peso' 'cambodia' 'riel'], predicted=ringgit
question=['argentina' 'peso' 'canada' 'dollar'], predicted=centavos
question=['argentina' 'peso' 'europe' 'euro'], predicted=economy
question=['argentina' 'peso' 'india' 'rupee'], predicted=gujarat
question=['argentina' 'peso' 'iran' 'rial'], predicted=reza
question=['argentina' 'peso' 'japan' 'yen'], predicted=jpy
question=['argentina' 'peso' 'korea' 'won'], predicted=jpy
question=['argentina' 'peso' 'poland' 'zloty'], predicted=oty
question=['argentina' 'peso' 'romania' 'leu'], predicted=lira
question=['argentina' 'peso' 'russia' 'ruble'], predicted=lira
question=['argentina' 'peso' 'usa' 'dollar'], predicted=lari
question=['argentina' 'peso' 'vietnam' 'dong'], predicted=vietnamization
question=['argentina' 'peso' 'algeria' 'dinar'], predicted=xof
question=['argentina' 'peso' 'angola' 'kwanza'], predicted=kwacha
question=['armenia' 'dram' 'brazil' 'real'], predicted=rio
question=['armenia' 'dram' 'bulgaria' 'lev'], predicted=esdi
question=['armenia' 'dram' 'cambodia' 'riel'], predicted=eide
question=['armenia' 'dram' 'canada' 'dollar'], predicted=msp
question=['armenia' 'dram' 'croatia' 'kuna'], predicted=eide
question=['armenia' 'dram' 'denmark' 'krone'], predicted=norsk
question=['armenia' 'dram' 'europe' 'euro'], predicted=sdh
question=['armenia' 'dram' 'hungary' 'forint'], predicted=magyar
question=['armenia' 'dram' 'india' 'rupee'], predicted=wcs
question=['armenia' 'dram' 'iran' 'rial'], predicted=isk
question=['armenia' 'dram' 'japan' 'yen'], predicted=kogyo
question=['armenia' 'dram' 'korea' 'won'], predicted=roh
question=['armenia' 'dram' 'lithuania' 'litas'], predicted=initialization
question=['armenia' 'dram' 'malaysia' 'ringgit'], predicted=singapore
question=['armenia' 'dram' 'mexico' 'peso'], predicted=monterrey
question=['armenia' 'dram' 'poland' 'zloty'], predicted=megabit
question=['armenia' 'dram' 'romania' 'leu'], predicted=handshaking
question=['armenia' 'dram' 'russia' 'ruble'], predicted=fds
question=['armenia' 'dram' 'sweden' 'krona'], predicted=norsk
question=['armenia' 'dram' 'usa' 'dollar'], predicted=manufacturer
question=['armenia' 'dram' 'vietnam' 'dong'], predicted=wcs
question=['armenia' 'dram' 'algeria' 'dinar'], predicted=initialization
question=['armenia' 'dram' 'angola' 'kwanza'], predicted=mdr
question=['armenia' 'dram' 'argentina' 'peso'], predicted=brl
question=['brazil' 'real' 'bulgaria' 'lev'], predicted=macedonia
question=['brazil' 'real' 'cambodia' 'riel'], predicted=actual
question=['brazil' 'real' 'canada' 'dollar'], predicted=rational
question=['brazil' 'real' 'croatia' 'kuna'], predicted=jasenovac
question=['brazil' 'real' 'denmark' 'krone'], predicted=lawhead
question=['brazil' 'real' 'europe' 'euro'], predicted=particular
question=['brazil' 'real' 'hungary' 'forint'], predicted=slansky
question=['brazil' 'real' 'india' 'rupee'], predicted=personal
question=['brazil' 'real' 'iran' 'rial'], predicted=baathist
question=['brazil' 'real' 'japan' 'yen'], predicted=tokyo
question=['brazil' 'real' 'korea' 'won'], predicted=korean
question=['brazil' 'real' 'lithuania' 'litas'], predicted=actual
question=['brazil' 'real' 'malaysia' 'ringgit'], predicted=hedging
question=['brazil' 'real' 'mexico' 'peso'], predicted=monterrey
question=['brazil' 'real' 'poland' 'zloty'], predicted=polish
question=['brazil' 'real' 'romania' 'leu'], predicted=antonescu
question=['brazil' 'real' 'russia' 'ruble'], predicted=kremlin
question=['brazil' 'real' 'sweden' 'krona'], predicted=scheutz
question=['brazil' 'real' 'usa' 'dollar'], predicted=particular
question=['brazil' 'real' 'vietnam' 'dong'], predicted=saigon
question=['brazil' 'real' 'algeria' 'dinar'], predicted=uncontrollable
question=['brazil' 'real' 'angola' 'kwanza'], predicted=constraints
question=['brazil' 'real' 'argentina' 'peso'], predicted=sociedad
question=['brazil' 'real' 'armenia' 'dram'], predicted=constant
question=['bulgaria' 'lev' 'cambodia' 'riel'], predicted=potok
question=['bulgaria' 'lev' 'canada' 'dollar'], predicted=canadian
question=['bulgaria' 'lev' 'croatia' 'kuna'], predicted=davidovich
question=['bulgaria' 'lev' 'denmark' 'krone'], predicted=rensen
question=['bulgaria' 'lev' 'europe' 'euro'], predicted=vygotsky
question=['bulgaria' 'lev' 'hungary' 'forint'], predicted=davidovich
question=['bulgaria' 'lev' 'india' 'rupee'], predicted=prem
question=['bulgaria' 'lev' 'iran' 'rial'], predicted=hossein
question=['bulgaria' 'lev' 'japan' 'yen'], predicted=yoshiro
question=['bulgaria' 'lev' 'korea' 'won'], predicted=korean
question=['bulgaria' 'lev' 'lithuania' 'litas'], predicted=davidovich
question=['bulgaria' 'lev' 'malaysia' 'ringgit'], predicted=nair
question=['bulgaria' 'lev' 'mexico' 'peso'], predicted=plutchik
question=['bulgaria' 'lev' 'poland' 'zloty'], predicted=davidovich
question=['bulgaria' 'lev' 'romania' 'leu'], predicted=davidovich
question=['bulgaria' 'lev' 'russia' 'ruble'], predicted=davidovich
question=['bulgaria' 'lev' 'sweden' 'krona'], predicted=davidovich
question=['bulgaria' 'lev' 'usa' 'dollar'], predicted=davidovich
question=['bulgaria' 'lev' 'algeria' 'dinar'], predicted=sayed
question=['bulgaria' 'lev' 'angola' 'kwanza'], predicted=vygotsky
question=['bulgaria' 'lev' 'argentina' 'peso'], predicted=davidovich
question=['bulgaria' 'lev' 'armenia' 'dram'], predicted=davidovich
question=['bulgaria' 'lev' 'brazil' 'real'], predicted=davidovich
question=['cambodia' 'riel' 'canada' 'dollar'], predicted=canadian
question=['cambodia' 'riel' 'croatia' 'kuna'], predicted=serbia
question=['cambodia' 'riel' 'denmark' 'krone'], predicted=sweyn
question=['cambodia' 'riel' 'europe' 'euro'], predicted=viollet
question=['cambodia' 'riel' 'hungary' 'forint'], predicted=contarini
question=['cambodia' 'riel' 'india' 'rupee'], predicted=agra
question=['cambodia' 'riel' 'iran' 'rial'], predicted=iraq
question=['cambodia' 'riel' 'japan' 'yen'], predicted=rouen
question=['cambodia' 'riel' 'korea' 'won'], predicted=strafford
question=['cambodia' 'riel' 'lithuania' 'litas'], predicted=jogaila
question=['cambodia' 'riel' 'malaysia' 'ringgit'], predicted=arafat
question=['cambodia' 'riel' 'mexico' 'peso'], predicted=monterrey
question=['cambodia' 'riel' 'poland' 'zloty'], predicted=jadwiga
question=['cambodia' 'riel' 'romania' 'leu'], predicted=serbia
question=['cambodia' 'riel' 'russia' 'ruble'], predicted=tsar
question=['cambodia' 'riel' 'sweden' 'krona'], predicted=riksdag
question=['cambodia' 'riel' 'usa' 'dollar'], predicted=rockland
question=['cambodia' 'riel' 'vietnam' 'dong'], predicted=secession
question=['cambodia' 'riel' 'algeria' 'dinar'], predicted=maghreb
question=['cambodia' 'riel' 'angola' 'kwanza'], predicted=mpla
question=['cambodia' 'riel' 'argentina' 'peso'], predicted=arce
question=['cambodia' 'riel' 'armenia' 'dram'], predicted=syria
question=['cambodia' 'riel' 'brazil' 'real'], predicted=corrientes
question=['cambodia' 'riel' 'bulgaria' 'lev'], predicted=serbia
question=['canada' 'dollar' 'croatia' 'kuna'], predicted=forint
question=['canada' 'dollar' 'denmark' 'krone'], predicted=pegged
question=['canada' 'dollar' 'europe' 'euro'], predicted=currency
question=['canada' 'dollar' 'iran' 'rial'], predicted=dinar
question=['canada' 'dollar' 'japan' 'yen'], predicted=jpy
question=['canada' 'dollar' 'korea' 'won'], predicted=jpy
question=['canada' 'dollar' 'malaysia' 'ringgit'], predicted=kyat
question=['canada' 'dollar' 'mexico' 'peso'], predicted=lempira
question=['canada' 'dollar' 'poland' 'zloty'], predicted=litas
question=['canada' 'dollar' 'romania' 'leu'], predicted=forint
question=['canada' 'dollar' 'russia' 'ruble'], predicted=currency
question=['canada' 'dollar' 'sweden' 'krona'], predicted=currency
question=['canada' 'dollar' 'vietnam' 'dong'], predicted=kwacha
question=['canada' 'dollar' 'angola' 'kwanza'], predicted=kwacha
question=['canada' 'dollar' 'armenia' 'dram'], predicted=cedi
question=['canada' 'dollar' 'brazil' 'real'], predicted=cruzeiro
question=['canada' 'dollar' 'bulgaria' 'lev'], predicted=forint
question=['canada' 'dollar' 'cambodia' 'riel'], predicted=kyat
question=['croatia' 'kuna' 'europe' 'euro'], predicted=asia
question=['croatia' 'kuna' 'iran' 'rial'], predicted=persian
question=['croatia' 'kuna' 'japan' 'yen'], predicted=jpy
question=['croatia' 'kuna' 'korea' 'won'], predicted=jpy
question=['croatia' 'kuna' 'malaysia' 'ringgit'], predicted=singapore
question=['croatia' 'kuna' 'mexico' 'peso'], predicted=centavos
question=['croatia' 'kuna' 'poland' 'zloty'], predicted=boleslaw
question=['croatia' 'kuna' 'romania' 'leu'], predicted=guilder
question=['croatia' 'kuna' 'russia' 'ruble'], predicted=tsarevich
question=['croatia' 'kuna' 'sweden' 'krona'], predicted=gskolan
question=['croatia' 'kuna' 'usa' 'dollar'], predicted=rpi
question=['croatia' 'kuna' 'vietnam' 'dong'], predicted=thieu
question=['croatia' 'kuna' 'algeria' 'dinar'], predicted=dirham
question=['croatia' 'kuna' 'angola' 'kwanza'], predicted=ngultrum
question=['croatia' 'kuna' 'argentina' 'peso'], predicted=centavos
question=['croatia' 'kuna' 'armenia' 'dram'], predicted=cedi
question=['croatia' 'kuna' 'brazil' 'real'], predicted=cruzeiro
question=['croatia' 'kuna' 'bulgaria' 'lev'], predicted=forint
question=['croatia' 'kuna' 'cambodia' 'riel'], predicted=ringgit
question=['croatia' 'kuna' 'canada' 'dollar'], predicted=centavos
question=['denmark' 'krone' 'europe' 'euro'], predicted=european
question=['denmark' 'krone' 'iran' 'rial'], predicted=baluchi
question=['denmark' 'krone' 'japan' 'yen'], predicted=jpy
question=['denmark' 'krone' 'korea' 'won'], predicted=jpy
question=['denmark' 'krone' 'lithuania' 'litas'], predicted=forint
question=['denmark' 'krone' 'malaysia' 'ringgit'], predicted=kyat
question=['denmark' 'krone' 'mexico' 'peso'], predicted=centavos
question=['denmark' 'krone' 'poland' 'zloty'], predicted=oty
question=['denmark' 'krone' 'romania' 'leu'], predicted=forint
question=['denmark' 'krone' 'russia' 'ruble'], predicted=ussr
question=['denmark' 'krone' 'sweden' 'krona'], predicted=sveriges
question=['denmark' 'krone' 'usa' 'dollar'], predicted=financiere
question=['denmark' 'krone' 'vietnam' 'dong'], predicted=vietnamization
question=['denmark' 'krone' 'algeria' 'dinar'], predicted=ngultrum
question=['denmark' 'krone' 'angola' 'kwanza'], predicted=ngultrum
question=['denmark' 'krone' 'argentina' 'peso'], predicted=ngultrum
question=['denmark' 'krone' 'armenia' 'dram'], predicted=forint
question=['denmark' 'krone' 'brazil' 'real'], predicted=maranh
question=['denmark' 'krone' 'bulgaria' 'lev'], predicted=forint
question=['denmark' 'krone' 'cambodia' 'riel'], predicted=pataca
question=['denmark' 'krone' 'canada' 'dollar'], predicted=centavos
question=['denmark' 'krone' 'croatia' 'kuna'], predicted=forint
question=['europe' 'euro' 'iran' 'rial'], predicted=rupee
question=['europe' 'euro' 'japan' 'yen'], predicted=currency
question=['europe' 'euro' 'korea' 'won'], predicted=jpy
question=['europe' 'euro' 'lithuania' 'litas'], predicted=forint
question=['europe' 'euro' 'malaysia' 'ringgit'], predicted=rupee
question=['europe' 'euro' 'mexico' 'peso'], predicted=cfaf
question=['europe' 'euro' 'poland' 'zloty'], predicted=forint
question=['europe' 'euro' 'romania' 'leu'], predicted=forint
question=['europe' 'euro' 'sweden' 'krona'], predicted=dkr
question=['europe' 'euro' 'usa' 'dollar'], predicted=cfaf
question=['europe' 'euro' 'vietnam' 'dong'], predicted=cfaf
question=['europe' 'euro' 'algeria' 'dinar'], predicted=forint
question=['europe' 'euro' 'angola' 'kwanza'], predicted=forint
question=['europe' 'euro' 'argentina' 'peso'], predicted=cfaf
question=['europe' 'euro' 'armenia' 'dram'], predicted=forint
question=['europe' 'euro' 'brazil' 'real'], predicted=forint
question=['europe' 'euro' 'bulgaria' 'lev'], predicted=forint
question=['europe' 'euro' 'cambodia' 'riel'], predicted=chf
question=['europe' 'euro' 'canada' 'dollar'], predicted=cfaf
question=['europe' 'euro' 'croatia' 'kuna'], predicted=forint
question=['hungary' 'forint' 'iran' 'rial'], predicted=ringgit
question=['hungary' 'forint' 'japan' 'yen'], predicted=jpy
question=['hungary' 'forint' 'korea' 'won'], predicted=jpy
question=['hungary' 'forint' 'lithuania' 'litas'], predicted=kwacha
question=['hungary' 'forint' 'malaysia' 'ringgit'], predicted=ngultrum
question=['hungary' 'forint' 'mexico' 'peso'], predicted=financiere
question=['hungary' 'forint' 'romania' 'leu'], predicted=ngultrum
question=['hungary' 'forint' 'sweden' 'krona'], predicted=ngultrum
question=['hungary' 'forint' 'usa' 'dollar'], predicted=financiere
question=['hungary' 'forint' 'vietnam' 'dong'], predicted=kwacha
question=['hungary' 'forint' 'algeria' 'dinar'], predicted=ngultrum
question=['hungary' 'forint' 'angola' 'kwanza'], predicted=ngultrum
question=['hungary' 'forint' 'argentina' 'peso'], predicted=ngultrum
question=['hungary' 'forint' 'armenia' 'dram'], predicted=manat
question=['hungary' 'forint' 'brazil' 'real'], predicted=ngultrum
question=['hungary' 'forint' 'bulgaria' 'lev'], predicted=ngultrum
question=['hungary' 'forint' 'cambodia' 'riel'], predicted=ringgit
question=['hungary' 'forint' 'canada' 'dollar'], predicted=nzd
question=['hungary' 'forint' 'croatia' 'kuna'], predicted=kwacha
question=['hungary' 'forint' 'denmark' 'krone'], predicted=dkr
question=['hungary' 'forint' 'europe' 'euro'], predicted=financiere
question=['india' 'rupee' 'japan' 'yen'], predicted=jpy
question=['india' 'rupee' 'korea' 'won'], predicted=jpy
question=['india' 'rupee' 'lithuania' 'litas'], predicted=ltl
question=['india' 'rupee' 'malaysia' 'ringgit'], predicted=ngultrum
question=['india' 'rupee' 'mexico' 'peso'], predicted=mxn
question=['india' 'rupee' 'poland' 'zloty'], predicted=oty
question=['india' 'rupee' 'romania' 'leu'], predicted=forint
question=['india' 'rupee' 'sweden' 'krona'], predicted=krone
question=['india' 'rupee' 'usa' 'dollar'], predicted=lari
question=['india' 'rupee' 'vietnam' 'dong'], predicted=kwacha
question=['india' 'rupee' 'algeria' 'dinar'], predicted=ngultrum
question=['india' 'rupee' 'angola' 'kwanza'], predicted=kwacha
question=['india' 'rupee' 'argentina' 'peso'], predicted=ngultrum
question=['india' 'rupee' 'armenia' 'dram'], predicted=manat
question=['india' 'rupee' 'brazil' 'real'], predicted=ngultrum
question=['india' 'rupee' 'bulgaria' 'lev'], predicted=forint
question=['india' 'rupee' 'cambodia' 'riel'], predicted=ngultrum
question=['india' 'rupee' 'canada' 'dollar'], predicted=gbp
question=['india' 'rupee' 'croatia' 'kuna'], predicted=kroon
question=['india' 'rupee' 'europe' 'euro'], predicted=kroon
question=['india' 'rupee' 'hungary' 'forint'], predicted=kroon
question=['iran' 'rial' 'japan' 'yen'], predicted=jpy
question=['iran' 'rial' 'korea' 'won'], predicted=namibian
question=['iran' 'rial' 'lithuania' 'litas'], predicted=oty
question=['iran' 'rial' 'malaysia' 'ringgit'], predicted=namibian
question=['iran' 'rial' 'mexico' 'peso'], predicted=namibian
question=['iran' 'rial' 'poland' 'zloty'], predicted=oty
question=['iran' 'rial' 'romania' 'leu'], predicted=zloty
question=['iran' 'rial' 'russia' 'ruble'], predicted=oty
question=['iran' 'rial' 'sweden' 'krona'], predicted=sveriges
question=['iran' 'rial' 'usa' 'dollar'], predicted=namibian
question=['iran' 'rial' 'vietnam' 'dong'], predicted=namibian
question=['iran' 'rial' 'algeria' 'dinar'], predicted=ouguiya
question=['iran' 'rial' 'angola' 'kwanza'], predicted=namibian
question=['iran' 'rial' 'argentina' 'peso'], predicted=namibian
question=['iran' 'rial' 'armenia' 'dram'], predicted=lek
question=['iran' 'rial' 'brazil' 'real'], predicted=cruzeiro
question=['iran' 'rial' 'bulgaria' 'lev'], predicted=koruna
question=['iran' 'rial' 'cambodia' 'riel'], predicted=namibian
question=['iran' 'rial' 'canada' 'dollar'], predicted=namibian
question=['iran' 'rial' 'croatia' 'kuna'], predicted=koruna
question=['iran' 'rial' 'denmark' 'krone'], predicted=norway
question=['iran' 'rial' 'europe' 'euro'], predicted=america
question=['iran' 'rial' 'hungary' 'forint'], predicted=koruna
question=['iran' 'rial' 'india' 'rupee'], predicted=bassas
question=['japan' 'yen' 'korea' 'won'], predicted=chosun
question=['japan' 'yen' 'lithuania' 'litas'], predicted=lithuanian
question=['japan' 'yen' 'malaysia' 'ringgit'], predicted=brunei
question=['japan' 'yen' 'mexico' 'peso'], predicted=mexicali
question=['japan' 'yen' 'poland' 'zloty'], predicted=polish
question=['japan' 'yen' 'romania' 'leu'], predicted=romanian
question=['japan' 'yen' 'russia' 'ruble'], predicted=tsar
question=['japan' 'yen' 'sweden' 'krona'], predicted=yd
question=['japan' 'yen' 'usa' 'dollar'], predicted=chosun
question=['japan' 'yen' 'vietnam' 'dong'], predicted=thieu
question=['japan' 'yen' 'algeria' 'dinar'], predicted=algerians
question=['japan' 'yen' 'angola' 'kwanza'], predicted=angolan
question=['japan' 'yen' 'argentina' 'peso'], predicted=menem
question=['japan' 'yen' 'armenia' 'dram'], predicted=bgn
question=['japan' 'yen' 'brazil' 'real'], predicted=maranh
question=['japan' 'yen' 'bulgaria' 'lev'], predicted=rublei
question=['japan' 'yen' 'cambodia' 'riel'], predicted=khmer
question=['japan' 'yen' 'canada' 'dollar'], predicted=rublei
question=['japan' 'yen' 'croatia' 'kuna'], predicted=slovakia
question=['japan' 'yen' 'denmark' 'krone'], predicted=danish
question=['japan' 'yen' 'europe' 'euro'], predicted=anglosphere
question=['japan' 'yen' 'hungary' 'forint'], predicted=kroon
question=['japan' 'yen' 'india' 'rupee'], predicted=maharaja
question=['japan' 'yen' 'iran' 'rial'], predicted=iranian
question=['korea' 'won' 'lithuania' 'litas'], predicted=win
question=['korea' 'won' 'malaysia' 'ringgit'], predicted=win
question=['korea' 'won' 'mexico' 'peso'], predicted=win
question=['korea' 'won' 'poland' 'zloty'], predicted=win
question=['korea' 'won' 'romania' 'leu'], predicted=win
question=['korea' 'won' 'russia' 'ruble'], predicted=win
question=['korea' 'won' 'sweden' 'krona'], predicted=win
question=['korea' 'won' 'usa' 'dollar'], predicted=win
question=['korea' 'won' 'vietnam' 'dong'], predicted=win
question=['korea' 'won' 'algeria' 'dinar'], predicted=guebuza
question=['korea' 'won' 'angola' 'kwanza'], predicted=win
question=['korea' 'won' 'argentina' 'peso'], predicted=win
question=['korea' 'won' 'armenia' 'dram'], predicted=win
question=['korea' 'won' 'brazil' 'real'], predicted=win
question=['korea' 'won' 'bulgaria' 'lev'], predicted=win
question=['korea' 'won' 'cambodia' 'riel'], predicted=received
question=['korea' 'won' 'canada' 'dollar'], predicted=win
question=['korea' 'won' 'croatia' 'kuna'], predicted=win
question=['korea' 'won' 'denmark' 'krone'], predicted=win
question=['korea' 'won' 'europe' 'euro'], predicted=win
question=['korea' 'won' 'hungary' 'forint'], predicted=win
question=['korea' 'won' 'india' 'rupee'], predicted=win
question=['korea' 'won' 'iran' 'rial'], predicted=win
question=['korea' 'won' 'japan' 'yen'], predicted=win
question=['lithuania' 'litas' 'malaysia' 'ringgit'], predicted=ngultrum
question=['lithuania' 'litas' 'mexico' 'peso'], predicted=jalisco
question=['lithuania' 'litas' 'poland' 'zloty'], predicted=kroon
question=['lithuania' 'litas' 'romania' 'leu'], predicted=forint
question=['lithuania' 'litas' 'russia' 'ruble'], predicted=rouble
question=['lithuania' 'litas' 'usa' 'dollar'], predicted=rpi
question=['lithuania' 'litas' 'vietnam' 'dong'], predicted=jpy
question=['lithuania' 'litas' 'algeria' 'dinar'], predicted=ngultrum
question=['lithuania' 'litas' 'angola' 'kwanza'], predicted=ngultrum
question=['lithuania' 'litas' 'armenia' 'dram'], predicted=lari
question=['lithuania' 'litas' 'brazil' 'real'], predicted=cruzeiro
question=['lithuania' 'litas' 'bulgaria' 'lev'], predicted=forint
question=['lithuania' 'litas' 'cambodia' 'riel'], predicted=ngultrum
question=['lithuania' 'litas' 'canada' 'dollar'], predicted=cfaf
question=['lithuania' 'litas' 'croatia' 'kuna'], predicted=kroon
question=['lithuania' 'litas' 'europe' 'euro'], predicted=currency
question=['lithuania' 'litas' 'hungary' 'forint'], predicted=kroon
question=['lithuania' 'litas' 'india' 'rupee'], predicted=oriya
question=['lithuania' 'litas' 'japan' 'yen'], predicted=jpy
question=['lithuania' 'litas' 'korea' 'won'], predicted=jpy
question=['malaysia' 'ringgit' 'mexico' 'peso'], predicted=sonora
question=['malaysia' 'ringgit' 'poland' 'zloty'], predicted=wielkopolska
question=['malaysia' 'ringgit' 'romania' 'leu'], predicted=zloty
question=['malaysia' 'ringgit' 'russia' 'ruble'], predicted=ussr
question=['malaysia' 'ringgit' 'usa' 'dollar'], predicted=financiere
question=['malaysia' 'ringgit' 'vietnam' 'dong'], predicted=vietnamization
question=['malaysia' 'ringgit' 'algeria' 'dinar'], predicted=kabylie
question=['malaysia' 'ringgit' 'angola' 'kwanza'], predicted=kwacha
question=['malaysia' 'ringgit' 'argentina' 'peso'], predicted=chile
question=['malaysia' 'ringgit' 'armenia' 'dram'], predicted=cedi
question=['malaysia' 'ringgit' 'brazil' 'real'], predicted=piau
question=['malaysia' 'ringgit' 'bulgaria' 'lev'], predicted=forint
question=['malaysia' 'ringgit' 'cambodia' 'riel'], predicted=cambodians
question=['malaysia' 'ringgit' 'canada' 'dollar'], predicted=rublei
question=['malaysia' 'ringgit' 'croatia' 'kuna'], predicted=forint
question=['malaysia' 'ringgit' 'denmark' 'krone'], predicted=krona
question=['malaysia' 'ringgit' 'europe' 'euro'], predicted=gdps
question=['malaysia' 'ringgit' 'india' 'rupee'], predicted=iran
question=['malaysia' 'ringgit' 'iran' 'rial'], predicted=iraq
question=['malaysia' 'ringgit' 'japan' 'yen'], predicted=jpy
question=['malaysia' 'ringgit' 'korea' 'won'], predicted=jpy
question=['malaysia' 'ringgit' 'lithuania' 'litas'], predicted=forint
question=['mexico' 'peso' 'poland' 'zloty'], predicted=oty
question=['mexico' 'peso' 'romania' 'leu'], predicted=forint
question=['mexico' 'peso' 'usa' 'dollar'], predicted=pesos
question=['mexico' 'peso' 'vietnam' 'dong'], predicted=kwacha
question=['mexico' 'peso' 'armenia' 'dram'], predicted=forint
question=['mexico' 'peso' 'brazil' 'real'], predicted=cruzeiro
question=['mexico' 'peso' 'bulgaria' 'lev'], predicted=forint
question=['mexico' 'peso' 'cambodia' 'riel'], predicted=pataca
question=['mexico' 'peso' 'canada' 'dollar'], predicted=pesos
question=['mexico' 'peso' 'croatia' 'kuna'], predicted=forint
question=['mexico' 'peso' 'europe' 'euro'], predicted=revaluation
question=['mexico' 'peso' 'india' 'rupee'], predicted=rupees
question=['mexico' 'peso' 'japan' 'yen'], predicted=jpy
question=['mexico' 'peso' 'korea' 'won'], predicted=jpy
question=['mexico' 'peso' 'malaysia' 'ringgit'], predicted=pataca
question=['poland' 'zloty' 'romania' 'leu'], predicted=guilder
question=['poland' 'zloty' 'russia' 'ruble'], predicted=guilder
question=['poland' 'zloty' 'sweden' 'krona'], predicted=guilder
question=['poland' 'zloty' 'usa' 'dollar'], predicted=namibian
question=['poland' 'zloty' 'vietnam' 'dong'], predicted=kwacha
question=['poland' 'zloty' 'algeria' 'dinar'], predicted=ngultrum
question=['poland' 'zloty' 'angola' 'kwanza'], predicted=kwacha
question=['poland' 'zloty' 'argentina' 'peso'], predicted=mxn
question=['poland' 'zloty' 'armenia' 'dram'], predicted=manat
question=['poland' 'zloty' 'brazil' 'real'], predicted=cruzeiro
question=['poland' 'zloty' 'bulgaria' 'lev'], predicted=manat
question=['poland' 'zloty' 'cambodia' 'riel'], predicted=pataca
question=['poland' 'zloty' 'canada' 'dollar'], predicted=namibian
question=['poland' 'zloty' 'croatia' 'kuna'], predicted=kwacha
question=['poland' 'zloty' 'denmark' 'krone'], predicted=guilder
question=['poland' 'zloty' 'europe' 'euro'], predicted=zaires
question=['poland' 'zloty' 'hungary' 'forint'], predicted=kroon
question=['poland' 'zloty' 'japan' 'yen'], predicted=jpy
question=['poland' 'zloty' 'korea' 'won'], predicted=jpy
question=['poland' 'zloty' 'lithuania' 'litas'], predicted=kwacha
question=['poland' 'zloty' 'malaysia' 'ringgit'], predicted=pataca
question=['poland' 'zloty' 'mexico' 'peso'], predicted=mxn
question=['romania' 'leu' 'russia' 'ruble'], predicted=yudenich
question=['romania' 'leu' 'sweden' 'krona'], predicted=gskolan
question=['romania' 'leu' 'usa' 'dollar'], predicted=rpi
question=['romania' 'leu' 'vietnam' 'dong'], predicted=thieu
question=['romania' 'leu' 'algeria' 'dinar'], predicted=financi
question=['romania' 'leu' 'angola' 'kwanza'], predicted=angolan
question=['romania' 'leu' 'argentina' 'peso'], predicted=centavos
question=['romania' 'leu' 'armenia' 'dram'], predicted=kyat
question=['romania' 'leu' 'brazil' 'real'], predicted=cruzeiro
question=['romania' 'leu' 'bulgaria' 'lev'], predicted=ariary
question=['romania' 'leu' 'cambodia' 'riel'], predicted=khmer
question=['romania' 'leu' 'canada' 'dollar'], predicted=centavos
question=['romania' 'leu' 'croatia' 'kuna'], predicted=kwacha
question=['romania' 'leu' 'denmark' 'krone'], predicted=kroner
question=['romania' 'leu' 'europe' 'euro'], predicted=synthetics
question=['romania' 'leu' 'hungary' 'forint'], predicted=centimes
question=['romania' 'leu' 'india' 'rupee'], predicted=riau
question=['romania' 'leu' 'japan' 'yen'], predicted=jpy
question=['romania' 'leu' 'korea' 'won'], predicted=seoul
question=['romania' 'leu' 'lithuania' 'litas'], predicted=ltl
question=['romania' 'leu' 'malaysia' 'ringgit'], predicted=namibian
question=['romania' 'leu' 'mexico' 'peso'], predicted=sonora
question=['romania' 'leu' 'poland' 'zloty'], predicted=miast
question=['russia' 'ruble' 'usa' 'dollar'], predicted=leu
question=['russia' 'ruble' 'vietnam' 'dong'], predicted=kwacha
question=['russia' 'ruble' 'algeria' 'dinar'], predicted=dirham
question=['russia' 'ruble' 'angola' 'kwanza'], predicted=ngultrum
question=['russia' 'ruble' 'armenia' 'dram'], predicted=lek
question=['russia' 'ruble' 'brazil' 'real'], predicted=cruzeiro
question=['russia' 'ruble' 'bulgaria' 'lev'], predicted=forint
question=['russia' 'ruble' 'cambodia' 'riel'], predicted=ringgit
question=['russia' 'ruble' 'canada' 'dollar'], predicted=nzd
question=['russia' 'ruble' 'croatia' 'kuna'], predicted=forint
question=['russia' 'ruble' 'denmark' 'krone'], predicted=krona
question=['russia' 'ruble' 'europe' 'euro'], predicted=currency
question=['russia' 'ruble' 'japan' 'yen'], predicted=jpy
question=['russia' 'ruble' 'korea' 'won'], predicted=jpy
question=['russia' 'ruble' 'malaysia' 'ringgit'], predicted=ngultrum
question=['russia' 'ruble' 'poland' 'zloty'], predicted=forint
question=['sweden' 'krona' 'usa' 'dollar'], predicted=lari
question=['sweden' 'krona' 'vietnam' 'dong'], predicted=ariary
question=['sweden' 'krona' 'algeria' 'dinar'], predicted=dirham
question=['sweden' 'krona' 'armenia' 'dram'], predicted=azarbaijan
question=['sweden' 'krona' 'brazil' 'real'], predicted=cruzeiro
question=['sweden' 'krona' 'bulgaria' 'lev'], predicted=forint
question=['sweden' 'krona' 'cambodia' 'riel'], predicted=ringgit
question=['sweden' 'krona' 'canada' 'dollar'], predicted=rublei
question=['sweden' 'krona' 'croatia' 'kuna'], predicted=kroon
question=['sweden' 'krona' 'denmark' 'krone'], predicted=kroon
question=['sweden' 'krona' 'europe' 'euro'], predicted=bulkier
question=['sweden' 'krona' 'hungary' 'forint'], predicted=kroon
question=['sweden' 'krona' 'india' 'rupee'], predicted=oriya
question=['sweden' 'krona' 'japan' 'yen'], predicted=jpy
question=['sweden' 'krona' 'korea' 'won'], predicted=jpy
question=['sweden' 'krona' 'malaysia' 'ringgit'], predicted=ouguiya
question=['sweden' 'krona' 'poland' 'zloty'], predicted=wielkopolska
question=['sweden' 'krona' 'romania' 'leu'], predicted=kroon
question=['usa' 'dollar' 'vietnam' 'dong'], predicted=kwacha
question=['usa' 'dollar' 'algeria' 'dinar'], predicted=ngultrum
question=['usa' 'dollar' 'angola' 'kwanza'], predicted=kwacha
question=['usa' 'dollar' 'armenia' 'dram'], predicted=litas
question=['usa' 'dollar' 'brazil' 'real'], predicted=ngultrum
question=['usa' 'dollar' 'bulgaria' 'lev'], predicted=forint
question=['usa' 'dollar' 'cambodia' 'riel'], predicted=kyat
question=['usa' 'dollar' 'croatia' 'kuna'], predicted=forint
question=['usa' 'dollar' 'denmark' 'krone'], predicted=litas
question=['usa' 'dollar' 'india' 'rupee'], predicted=rupees
question=['usa' 'dollar' 'iran' 'rial'], predicted=pahlavi
question=['usa' 'dollar' 'japan' 'yen'], predicted=jpy
question=['usa' 'dollar' 'korea' 'won'], predicted=kyat
question=['usa' 'dollar' 'malaysia' 'ringgit'], predicted=kyat
question=['usa' 'dollar' 'mexico' 'peso'], predicted=lempira
question=['usa' 'dollar' 'poland' 'zloty'], predicted=litas
question=['usa' 'dollar' 'romania' 'leu'], predicted=litas
question=['usa' 'dollar' 'russia' 'ruble'], predicted=currency
question=['usa' 'dollar' 'sweden' 'krona'], predicted=currency
question=['vietnam' 'dong' 'algeria' 'dinar'], predicted=egp
question=['vietnam' 'dong' 'angola' 'kwanza'], predicted=pron
question=['vietnam' 'dong' 'argentina' 'peso'], predicted=cambiasso
question=['vietnam' 'dong' 'armenia' 'dram'], predicted=hayastan
question=['vietnam' 'dong' 'brazil' 'real'], predicted=maranh
question=['vietnam' 'dong' 'bulgaria' 'lev'], predicted=petar
question=['vietnam' 'dong' 'cambodia' 'riel'], predicted=fung
question=['vietnam' 'dong' 'canada' 'dollar'], predicted=canadian
question=['vietnam' 'dong' 'croatia' 'kuna'], predicted=kroon
question=['vietnam' 'dong' 'denmark' 'krone'], predicted=danmarks
question=['vietnam' 'dong' 'europe' 'euro'], predicted=polskie
question=['vietnam' 'dong' 'hungary' 'forint'], predicted=polskie
question=['vietnam' 'dong' 'india' 'rupee'], predicted=fung
question=['vietnam' 'dong' 'iran' 'rial'], predicted=reza
question=['vietnam' 'dong' 'japan' 'yen'], predicted=reizei
question=['vietnam' 'dong' 'korea' 'won'], predicted=ilbo
question=['vietnam' 'dong' 'lithuania' 'litas'], predicted=oty
question=['vietnam' 'dong' 'malaysia' 'ringgit'], predicted=fung
question=['vietnam' 'dong' 'mexico' 'peso'], predicted=nuevo
question=['vietnam' 'dong' 'poland' 'zloty'], predicted=polskie
question=['vietnam' 'dong' 'romania' 'leu'], predicted=polskie
question=['vietnam' 'dong' 'russia' 'ruble'], predicted=russian
question=['vietnam' 'dong' 'sweden' 'krona'], predicted=swedish
question=['vietnam' 'dong' 'usa' 'dollar'], predicted=ilbo
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=iowa
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=iowa
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=iowa
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=iowa
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=spokane
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=larimer
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=iowa
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=iowa
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=tulare
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=tulare
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=utah
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=iowa
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=arkansas
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=larimer
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=missouri
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=topeka
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=loudoun
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=parkwyn
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=buccaneers
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=iowa
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=loudoun
question=['houston' 'texas' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=playboys
question=['houston' 'texas' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=tennessee
question=['houston' 'texas' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=spokane
question=['houston' 'texas' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['houston' 'texas' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=obispo
question=['houston' 'texas' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=topeka
question=['houston' 'texas' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=brownsville
question=['houston' 'texas' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=buccaneers
question=['houston' 'texas' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=california
question=['houston' 'texas' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=virginia
question=['houston' 'texas' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=brownsville
question=['houston' 'texas' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=california
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=ksl
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=gwinnett
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=gwinnett
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=marshfield
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=illinois
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=tacoma
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=larimer
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=obispo
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=obispo
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=funicular
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=bassa
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=gwinnett
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=larimer
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=marshfield
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=loudoun
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=ragga
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=buccaneers
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=loudoun
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=panhandle
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=missouri
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=illinois
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=spokane
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=kansas
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=missouri
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=illinois
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=missouri
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=marshfield
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=cemetery
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=dominguez
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=missouri
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=texas
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=missouri
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=delaware
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=missouri
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=lubbock
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=gainesville
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=tennessee
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=colorado
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=california
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=california
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=california
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=california
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=tennessee
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=topeka
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=buccaneers
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=mellon
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=california
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=california
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=lubbock
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=furioso
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=marshfield
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=california
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=rockland
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=obispo
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=obispo
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=segundo
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=rockland
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=marshfield
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=cemetery
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=obispo
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=obispo
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=kenai
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=fuca
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=tickell
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=brownsville
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=iowa
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=arkansas
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=illinois
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=spokane
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=ohio
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=iowa
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=manitowoc
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=iowa
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=tulare
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=tulare
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=bitterroot
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=iowa
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=iowa
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=manitowoc
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=cemetery
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=glendower
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=bay
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=iowa
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=boylston
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=tidewater
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=golding
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=tamaulipas
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=kathy
question=['austin' 'texas' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=chicago
question=['austin' 'texas' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=kansas
question=['austin' 'texas' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=galveston
question=['austin' 'texas' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['austin' 'texas' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=siro
question=['austin' 'texas' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=florida
question=['austin' 'texas' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=kansas
question=['austin' 'texas' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=archrival
question=['austin' 'texas' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=archrival
question=['austin' 'texas' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=gadsden
question=['austin' 'texas' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=brownsville
question=['austin' 'texas' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=buccaneers
question=['austin' 'texas' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=galveston
question=['austin' 'texas' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=steelers
question=['austin' 'texas' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=virginia
question=['austin' 'texas' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=archrival
question=['austin' 'texas' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=florida
question=['austin' 'texas' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=california
question=['austin' 'texas' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=mccovey
question=['austin' 'texas' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=brenly
question=['austin' 'texas' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=virginia
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=illinois
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=spokane
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=illinois
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=tulare
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=congreso
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=illinois
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=arkansas
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=cemetery
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=iowa
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=tulare
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=california
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=lauder
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=brownsville
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=ross
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=virginia
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=holley
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=rockland
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=colorado
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=tulare
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=marshfield
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=utah
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=illinois
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=marshfield
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=nebraska
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=holley
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=buccaneers
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=colorado
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=marshfield
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=boise
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=chauncey
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=nuevo
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=kathy
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=kentucky
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=holley
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=hamlin
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=larimer
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=tulare
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=tulare
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=kth
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=alabama
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=gwinnett
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=topeka
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=haggard
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=buccaneers
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=merrimack
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=roxbury
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=peterhead
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=benning
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=coote
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=furioso
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=tamaulipas
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=confides
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=virginia
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=holley
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=estes
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=burbank
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=virginia
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=tulare
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=stennis
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=congreso
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=morningside
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=buckeyes
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=missouri
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=marshfield
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=cemetery
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=yonge
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=buckeyes
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=stennis
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=stennis
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=albany
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=geary
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=letelier
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=giglio
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=burr
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=jefferson
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=pattison
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=moulton
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=park
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=ohio
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=sonoma
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=ohio
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=utah
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=ohio
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=ohio
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=ohio
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=marshfield
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=cemetery
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=osteopathic
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=marshfield
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=tidewater
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=crossley
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=brownsville
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=kathy
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=ohio
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=holley
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=atheneum
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=burbank
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=ohio
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=maine
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=virginia
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=tulare
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=tulare
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=congreso
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=liuzzo
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=topeka
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=fricke
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=bay
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=dekalb
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=dekalb
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=dawes
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=brownsville
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=hyland
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=virginia
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=alabama
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=letitia
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=palisades
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=westmoreland
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=kennesaw
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=virginia
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=virginia
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=sonoma
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=marshfield
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=segundo
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=illinois
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=gwinnett
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=illinois
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=illinois
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=marshfield
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=lipscomb
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=iowa
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=virginia
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=virginia
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=iowa
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=virginia
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=longley
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=marshfield
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=zonker
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=virginia
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=clay
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=illinois
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=marshfield
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=sonoma
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=rockland
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=virginia
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=tulare
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=tulare
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=mdp
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=delaware
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=arkansas
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=delaware
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=topeka
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=haggard
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=bay
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=virginia
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=boylston
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=cleveland
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=delaware
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=ribagorza
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=dawes
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=furioso
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=parra
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=kathy
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=virginia
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=tennessee
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=letitia
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=norwalk
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=gonzales
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=jolla
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=thalberg
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=hendersonville
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=virginia
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=monterey
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=michigan
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=utah
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=iowa
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=arkansas
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=arkansas
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=monterey
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=michigan
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=darlington
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=porritt
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=ross
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=tennessee
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=broome
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=butte
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=arkansas
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=thalberg
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=michigan
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=towson
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=iowa
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=pomona
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=iowa
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=nebraska
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=twitty
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=buccaneers
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=steelers
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=montana
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=pomona
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=twitty
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=furioso
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=joey
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=iowa
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=holley
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=bucky
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=pomona
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=arkansas
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=thalberg
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=montana
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=walla
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=tulare
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=florida
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=dallas
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=florida
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=browns
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=wyoming
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=nebraska
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=merle
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=buccaneers
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=dodgers
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=steelers
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=dallas
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=vince
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=joaquin
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=jefferson
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=holley
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=schildt
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=clinton
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=hoover
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=wyoming
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=flo
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=walla
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=throop
question=['fresno' 'california' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=berkeley
question=['fresno' 'california' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=illinois
question=['fresno' 'california' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=illinois
question=['fresno' 'california' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=illinois
question=['fresno' 'california' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=cemetery
question=['fresno' 'california' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=philadelphia
question=['fresno' 'california' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['fresno' 'california' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=louisiana
question=['fresno' 'california' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['fresno' 'california' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=ornette
question=['fresno' 'california' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=joey
question=['fresno' 'california' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=virginia
question=['fresno' 'california' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=pusey
question=['fresno' 'california' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=pasadena
question=['fresno' 'california' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=vachss
question=['fresno' 'california' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=duxbury
question=['fresno' 'california' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=thalberg
question=['fresno' 'california' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=illinois
question=['fresno' 'california' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=orleans
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=berkeley
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=pasadena
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=illinois
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=illinois
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=texas
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=virginia
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=texas
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=ablett
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=pynchon
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=virginia
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=holley
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=lockwood
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=pasadena
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=arkansas
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=glendale
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=thalberg
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=illinois
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=illinois
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=spokane
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=cincinnati
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=cincinnati
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=nebraska
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=wlw
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=minnesota
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=minnesota
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=cincinnati
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=minnesota
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=nampa
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=broderick
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=iowa
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=holliday
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=minnesota
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=thalberg
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=marshfield
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=minnesota
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=depauw
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=ohio
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=spokane
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=tunica
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=buckeyes
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=huntsville
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=escudo
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=azerbaijan
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=buckeyes
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=minuteman
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=weldon
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=benning
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=evgeny
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=furioso
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=tamaulipas
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=evgeny
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=virginia
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=holley
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=quigley
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=pomona
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=clinton
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=pittsburg
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=helen
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=minot
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=yana
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=kootenai
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=aligarh
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=baton
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=alexey
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=rovere
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=lincoln
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=topeka
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=lincoln
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=mandrell
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=philadelphia
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=concord
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=latimer
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=lincoln
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=kahneman
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=furioso
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=giglio
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=hyland
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=jefferson
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=hindman
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=lippincott
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=palisades
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=santorum
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=thalberg
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=jonesboro
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=newberry
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=walla
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=lincei
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=baton
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=spokane
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=piazza
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=carolina
question=['miami' 'florida' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=gwinnett
question=['miami' 'florida' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=topeka
question=['miami' 'florida' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['miami' 'florida' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=anselmo
question=['miami' 'florida' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=carolina
question=['miami' 'florida' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=delavan
question=['miami' 'florida' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=tidewater
question=['miami' 'florida' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=california
question=['miami' 'florida' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['miami' 'florida' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=wotton
question=['miami' 'florida' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=brownsville
question=['miami' 'florida' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=kathy
question=['miami' 'florida' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=virginia
question=['miami' 'florida' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=alabama
question=['miami' 'florida' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=rockland
question=['miami' 'florida' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['miami' 'florida' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=maine
question=['miami' 'florida' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=thalberg
question=['miami' 'florida' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=manitowoc
question=['miami' 'florida' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=walla
question=['miami' 'florida' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=obispo
question=['miami' 'florida' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=spokane
question=['miami' 'florida' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=madama
question=['miami' 'florida' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=iowa
question=['miami' 'florida' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=huntsville
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=archrival
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=nebraska
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=haggard
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=buccaneers
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=arizona
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=steelers
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=buckeyes
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=florida
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=mexico
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=whiteside
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=tamaulipas
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=fowlie
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=jefferson
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=holley
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=schildt
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=arizona
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=langmuir
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=arizona
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=arizona
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=arizona
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=lincei
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=orleans
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=flagstaff
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=weiser
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=flagstaff
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=arizona
question=['oakland' 'california' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=texas
question=['oakland' 'california' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['oakland' 'california' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=virginia
question=['oakland' 'california' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['oakland' 'california' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['oakland' 'california' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=auer
question=['oakland' 'california' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=cronenberg
question=['oakland' 'california' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=virginia
question=['oakland' 'california' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=holley
question=['oakland' 'california' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=cabala
question=['oakland' 'california' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=oregon
question=['oakland' 'california' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=coed
question=['oakland' 'california' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=thalberg
question=['oakland' 'california' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=oregon
question=['oakland' 'california' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=illinois
question=['oakland' 'california' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=oregon
question=['oakland' 'california' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['oakland' 'california' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=coolants
question=['oakland' 'california' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=carbondale
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=monterey
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=sangamon
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=tidewater
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=halpern
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=brownsville
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=virginia
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=schildt
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=butte
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=indiana
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=butte
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=hallowell
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=manitowoc
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=trainspotting
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=erlangen
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=baton
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=madama
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=palmdale
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=butte
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=sarasota
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=geomatics
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=kentucky
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=cemetery
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=beulah
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=buccaneers
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=oakland
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=steelers
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=weeb
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=michigan
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=ebbie
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=brownsville
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=joey
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=kentucky
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=holley
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=holliday
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=gonzales
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=archrival
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=thalberg
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=manitowoc
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=walla
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=lincei
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=safl
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=spokane
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=gianni
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=chino
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=bradenton
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=nottingham
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=nebraska
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=culver
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=buccaneers
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=colorado
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=cincinnati
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=chl
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=cleveland
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=iowa
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=missouri
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=ornette
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=furioso
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=nuevo
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=heather
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=jefferson
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=holley
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=ketcham
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=culver
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=clinton
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=devry
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=ewing
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=culver
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=missouri
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=bowdoin
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=ruston
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=culver
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=vaticani
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=iowa
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=cornhuskers
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=culver
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=bradenton
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=clemson
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=winchester
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=preslar
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=jacksonville
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=houston
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=steelers
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=houston
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=houston
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=houston
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=albuquerque
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=preslar
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=miami
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=monica
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=arkansas
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=houston
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=houston
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=ennis
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=yakima
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=dominguez
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=safl
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=laredo
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=ultimo
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=arkansas
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=bradenton
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=peloza
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=philadelphia
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=los
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=cardozo
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=gale
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=virginia
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=pubns
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=pomona
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=florida
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=thalberg
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=illinois
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=illinois
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=texas
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=iowa
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=qana
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=northampton
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alabama
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=kentucky
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=brownsville
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=jefferson
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=jefferson
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=alabama
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=rockland
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=arkansas
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=montclair
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=walla
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=tennessee
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=oregon
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=madama
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=huntsville
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=alabama
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=kentucky
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=texas
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=virginia
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=texas
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=twitty
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=berklee
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=virginia
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=lockwood
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=berklee
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=texas
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=montclair
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=montclair
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=carbondale
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=baton
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=texas
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=montclair
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=carbondale
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=jiaotong
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=worcestershire
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=mellon
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=loni
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=tortosa
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=funkadelic
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=amado
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=chas
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=jefferson
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=holley
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=dreyfuss
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=pomona
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=clinton
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=salado
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=thalberg
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=sonora
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=berkeley
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=walla
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=lincei
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=baton
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=spokane
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=baronets
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=georgia
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=isocyanate
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=pomona
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=bradenton
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=dakotas
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=worcestershire
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=florida
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=virginia
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=loudoun
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=loudoun
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=verdes
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=flagg
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=loudoun
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=brownsville
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=kathy
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=virginia
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=loudoun
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=flagg
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=loudoun
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=coed
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=loudoun
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=loudoun
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=loudoun
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=loudoun
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=loudoun
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=verdes
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=atchafalaya
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=loudoun
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=hyacinthe
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=rolla
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=loudoun
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=loudoun
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=loudoun
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=loudoun
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=loudoun
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=bruin
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=loudoun
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=loudoun
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=tulare
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=michigan
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=congressman
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=yakima
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=joey
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=arkansas
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=holley
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=holliday
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=clinton
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=thalberg
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=florida
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=yakima
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=lincei
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=ruston
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=spokane
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=poliziano
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=dietetic
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=florida
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=wrexham
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=florida
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=minnesota
question=['stockton' 'california' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=los
question=['stockton' 'california' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['stockton' 'california' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=texas
question=['stockton' 'california' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=monica
question=['stockton' 'california' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=arkansas
question=['stockton' 'california' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=rockland
question=['stockton' 'california' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=pasadena
question=['stockton' 'california' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=arkansas
question=['stockton' 'california' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=argonne
question=['stockton' 'california' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=oregon
question=['stockton' 'california' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=texas
question=['stockton' 'california' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=abet
question=['stockton' 'california' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=texas
question=['stockton' 'california' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=texas
question=['stockton' 'california' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=texas
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=tidewater
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=kahneman
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=brownsville
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=kathy
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=jefferson
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=holley
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=regnery
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=butte
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=clinton
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=embry
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=morehead
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=minot
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=obispo
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=walla
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=obispo
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=atchafalaya
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=spokane
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=aylmer
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=minot
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=butte
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=minot
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=minot
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=abingdon
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=embry
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=nebraska
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=tortosa
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=branford
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=furioso
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=brownsville
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=phoebe
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=virginia
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=holley
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=azaria
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=palisades
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=aircal
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=shasta
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=bartley
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=southeastern
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=minimus
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=walla
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=walla
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=houma
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=spokane
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=madama
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=tonkawa
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=palisades
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=brownsville
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=kootenai
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=bodleian
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=tonkawa
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=ohio
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=illinois
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=ollie
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=marshfield
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=joey
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=iowa
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=holley
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=holliday
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=laramie
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=arkansas
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=langmuir
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=iowa
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=towson
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=illinois
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=belhaven
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=iowa
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=spokane
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=hillsdale
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=tulane
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=laramie
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=sarasota
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=hampshire
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=iowa
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=iowa
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=iowa
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=iowa
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=illinois
question=['plano' 'texas' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=lightnin
question=['plano' 'texas' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=miami
question=['plano' 'texas' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=joey
question=['plano' 'texas' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=arkansas
question=['plano' 'texas' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['plano' 'texas' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=arkansas
question=['plano' 'texas' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['plano' 'texas' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=walla
question=['plano' 'texas' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=berklee
question=['plano' 'texas' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=arkansas
question=['plano' 'texas' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=spokane
question=['plano' 'texas' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=nndb
question=['plano' 'texas' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=arkansas
question=['plano' 'texas' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=bradenton
question=['plano' 'texas' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=arkansas
question=['plano' 'texas' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pittsburgh
question=['plano' 'texas' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=arkansas
question=['plano' 'texas' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=atlanta
question=['plano' 'texas' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=atlanta
question=['plano' 'texas' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=california
question=['plano' 'texas' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=kansas
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=las
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=mexicali
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=monica
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=nebraska
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=yosemite
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=nebraska
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=yosemite
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=vegas
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=vegas
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=alamogordo
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=yakima
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=obispo
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=yosemite
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=vegas
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=mexicali
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=yosemite
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=sonoran
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=nebraska
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=alamogordo
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=honolulu
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=nebraska
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=vegas
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=vegas
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=nebraska
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=vegas
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=alamogordo
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=las
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=vegas
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=brownsville
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=joey
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=iowa
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=alabama
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=tennessee
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=michigan
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=montclair
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=california
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=tennessee
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=manitowoc
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=alshehhi
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=iowa
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=pittsburg
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=pittsburg
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=iowa
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=iowa
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=tennessee
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=iowa
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=california
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=tennessee
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=arkansas
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=arkansas
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=tennessee
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=arkansas
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=depauw
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=tennessee
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=baronets
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=arkansas
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=gainesville
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=oxfordshire
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=jaguars
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=tennessee
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=arkansas
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=colorado
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=colorado
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=dominguez
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=dominguez
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=dominguez
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=dominguez
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=dominguez
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=buckeyes
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=spokane
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=ghirlandaio
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=colorado
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=huntsville
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=dominguez
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=bradenton
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=flagstaff
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=abertay
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=colorado
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=colorado
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=colorado
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=colorado
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=illinois
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=spokane
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=jacksonville
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=arkansas
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=colorado
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=colorado
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=holley
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=thunders
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=milwaukee
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=michigan
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=manitowoc
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=thalberg
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=manitowoc
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=towson
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=manitowoc
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=karlspreis
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=manitowoc
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=manitowoc
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=manfredi
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=manitowoc
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=oshkosh
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=milwaukee
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=bradenton
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=manitowoc
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=manitowoc
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=minnesota
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=milwaukee
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=manitowoc
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=minnesota
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=michigan
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=minnesota
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=manitowoc
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=milwaukee
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=minnesota
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=milwaukee
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=knoxville
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=manitowoc
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=manitowoc
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=houston
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=houston
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=walla
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=safl
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=tx
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=racconti
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=arkansas
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=bradenton
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=jiaotong
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=bodleian
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pittsburgh
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=houston
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=houston
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=houston
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=houston
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=chicago
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=houston
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=indianapolis
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=knoxville
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['garland' 'texas' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['garland' 'texas' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=volusia
question=['garland' 'texas' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=obispo
question=['garland' 'texas' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=tacoma
question=['garland' 'texas' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=obispo
question=['garland' 'texas' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=jacksonville
question=['garland' 'texas' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=obispo
question=['garland' 'texas' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=aldini
question=['garland' 'texas' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=arkansas
question=['garland' 'texas' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=brownsville
question=['garland' 'texas' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=abet
question=['garland' 'texas' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=virginia
question=['garland' 'texas' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pittsburgh
question=['garland' 'texas' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=houston
question=['garland' 'texas' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=houston
question=['garland' 'texas' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=illinois
question=['garland' 'texas' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=tacoma
question=['garland' 'texas' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=houston
question=['garland' 'texas' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=jacksonville
question=['garland' 'texas' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=arkansas
question=['garland' 'texas' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=arizona
question=['garland' 'texas' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=obispo
question=['garland' 'texas' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=obispo
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=clinton
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=turnbull
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=florida
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=florida
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=arkansas
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=dominguez
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=mississippi
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=spokane
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=pickover
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=arkansas
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=azl
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=flagstaff
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=hampshire
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=minnesota
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=minnesota
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=minnesota
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=chicago
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=minnesota
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=florida
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=florida
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=florida
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=syllabus
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=minot
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=walla
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=dekalb
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=spokane
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=madama
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=carolina
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=huntsville
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=sarasota
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alewife
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=oxfordshire
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=kansas
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=oregon
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=arizona
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=kansas
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=nebraska
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=colorado
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=oregon
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=missouri
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=colorado
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=solano
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=andes
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=iowa
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=congressman
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=panhandle
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=missouri
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=dominguez
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=spokane
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=aldini
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=tonkawa
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=alabama
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=florida
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=minnesota
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=colorado
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=chicago
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=minnesota
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=brewers
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=louisville
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=minnesota
question=['irving' 'texas' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=houston
question=['irving' 'texas' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=brownsville
question=['irving' 'texas' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=safl
question=['irving' 'texas' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=laredo
question=['irving' 'texas' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=ultimo
question=['irving' 'texas' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=arkansas
question=['irving' 'texas' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=bradenton
question=['irving' 'texas' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=emeryville
question=['irving' 'texas' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=galveston
question=['irving' 'texas' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=houston
question=['irving' 'texas' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=houston
question=['irving' 'texas' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=houston
question=['irving' 'texas' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=chicago
question=['irving' 'texas' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=california
question=['irving' 'texas' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=houston
question=['irving' 'texas' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=houston
question=['irving' 'texas' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=knoxville
question=['irving' 'texas' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['irving' 'texas' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=san
question=['irving' 'texas' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=shack
question=['irving' 'texas' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=houston
question=['irving' 'texas' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=kansas
question=['fremont' 'california' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=oregon
question=['fremont' 'california' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=ruston
question=['fremont' 'california' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=texas
question=['fremont' 'california' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=fresno
question=['fremont' 'california' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=texas
question=['fremont' 'california' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=chicago
question=['fremont' 'california' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=los
question=['fremont' 'california' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=knoxville
question=['fremont' 'california' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=obispo
question=['fremont' 'california' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=berkeley
question=['fremont' 'california' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=chicago
question=['fremont' 'california' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=texas
question=['fremont' 'california' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=texas
question=['irvine' 'california' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=illinois
question=['irvine' 'california' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=orleans
question=['irvine' 'california' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=spokane
question=['irvine' 'california' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=sarasota
question=['irvine' 'california' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=duxbury
question=['irvine' 'california' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=texas
question=['irvine' 'california' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=illinois
question=['irvine' 'california' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=illinois
question=['irvine' 'california' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=angeles
question=['irvine' 'california' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=knoxville
question=['irvine' 'california' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=illinois
question=['irvine' 'california' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=illinois
question=['irvine' 'california' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=colorado
question=['irvine' 'california' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=los
question=['irvine' 'california' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=illinois
question=['irvine' 'california' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=pasadena
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=bowdoin
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=baton
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=edn
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=stratotanker
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=pasadena
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=baltimore
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=minuteman
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=hampshire
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=baltimore
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=warhead
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=tippit
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=baltimore
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=baltimore
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=lincoln
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=baltimore
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=houston
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=chattanooga
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=philadelphia
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=maryland
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=buckeyes
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=francisco
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=gunship
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=baltimore
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=pasadena
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=baltimore
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=baltimore
question=['modesto' 'california' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=baton
question=['modesto' 'california' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=oregon
question=['modesto' 'california' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=cajon
question=['modesto' 'california' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=emeryville
question=['modesto' 'california' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=oregon
question=['modesto' 'california' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=chicago
question=['modesto' 'california' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=chicago
question=['modesto' 'california' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=chicago
question=['modesto' 'california' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=angeles
question=['modesto' 'california' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=anaheim
question=['modesto' 'california' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=los
question=['modesto' 'california' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=chicago
question=['modesto' 'california' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=emeryville
question=['modesto' 'california' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=minnesota
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=spokane
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=italian
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=chile
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alaska
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=england
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=tennessee
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=americas
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=knoxville
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=francisco
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=chile
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=wyoming
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=hodges
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=stratotanker
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=pomona
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=sarasota
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=nellis
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=middlesex
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=baltimore
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=roosevelt
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=cowboys
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=jaguars
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=baltimore
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=nebraska
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=baltimore
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=indianapolis
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=chattanooga
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=braves
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=maryland
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=buckeyes
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=oakland
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=ivoire
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=archrival
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=archrival
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=eisenhower
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['fontana' 'california' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=huntsville
question=['fontana' 'california' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=alabama
question=['fontana' 'california' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=alabama
question=['fontana' 'california' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=illinois
question=['fontana' 'california' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=angeles
question=['fontana' 'california' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=obispo
question=['fontana' 'california' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=pomona
question=['fontana' 'california' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=alabama
question=['fontana' 'california' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=oregon
question=['fontana' 'california' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=alabama
question=['fontana' 'california' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=texas
question=['fontana' 'california' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=chino
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=burbank
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=sarasota
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=buckeyes
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=hampshire
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=cincinnati
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=minnesota
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=minnesota
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=oregon
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=minnesota
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=roseville
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=tulare
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=dade
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=dominguez
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=illinois
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=archrival
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=jodi
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=nebraska
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=dominguez
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=buccaneers
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=oakland
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=tennessee
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=chicago
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=knoxville
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=dallas
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=gwinnett
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=archrival
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=playboys
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=dallas
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=dallas
question=['glendale' 'california' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=florida
question=['glendale' 'california' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=york
question=['glendale' 'california' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=florida
question=['glendale' 'california' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=francisco
question=['glendale' 'california' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=obispo
question=['glendale' 'california' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=florida
question=['glendale' 'california' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=florida
question=['glendale' 'california' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=texas
question=['glendale' 'california' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=texas
question=['glendale' 'california' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=minnesota
question=['glendale' 'california' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=texas
question=['glendale' 'california' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['glendale' 'california' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=texas
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=england
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=california
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=transclusion
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=iowa
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=california
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=minivans
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=stylings
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=steelers
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=tyburn
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=cincinnati
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=york
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=balladeer
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=philadelphia
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=philadelphia
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=philadelphia
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=colorado
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=tulare
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=francisco
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=lafayette
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=liuzzo
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=cincinnati
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=arkansas
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=cemetery
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=tonk
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=buccaneers
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=angels
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=philadelphia
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=philadelphia
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=schwerner
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=honolulu
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=boston
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=illinois
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=boston
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=boston
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=boston
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=boston
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=illinois
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=boston
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=boca
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=boston
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=illinois
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=illinois
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=boston
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=cemetery
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=gte
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=bay
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=milwaukee
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=boston
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=boston
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=boston
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=boston
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=boston
question=['boy' 'girl' 'dad' 'mom'], predicted=nigga
question=['boy' 'girl' 'grandfather' 'grandmother'], predicted=paternal
question=['boy' 'girl' 'grandpa' 'grandma'], predicted=tapp
question=['boy' 'girl' 'grandson' 'granddaughter'], predicted=wife
question=['boy' 'girl' 'nephew' 'niece'], predicted=wife
question=['boy' 'girl' 'prince' 'princess'], predicted=crown
question=['boy' 'girl' 'stepfather' 'stepmother'], predicted=wife
question=['boy' 'girl' 'stepson' 'stepdaughter'], predicted=wife
question=['brother' 'sister' 'dad' 'mom'], predicted=parent
question=['brother' 'sister' 'grandfather' 'grandmother'], predicted=paternal
question=['brother' 'sister' 'grandpa' 'grandma'], predicted=wacky
question=['brother' 'sister' 'grandson' 'granddaughter'], predicted=daughter
question=['brother' 'sister' 'groom' 'bride'], predicted=chromatids
question=['brother' 'sister' 'husband' 'wife'], predicted=mother
question=['brother' 'sister' 'man' 'woman'], predicted=girl
question=['brother' 'sister' 'nephew' 'niece'], predicted=daughter
question=['brother' 'sister' 'stepfather' 'stepmother'], predicted=daughter
question=['brother' 'sister' 'stepson' 'stepdaughter'], predicted=vipsania
question=['brother' 'sister' 'uncle' 'aunt'], predicted=mother
question=['brothers' 'sisters' 'dad' 'mom'], predicted=affections
question=['brothers' 'sisters' 'grandfather' 'grandmother'], predicted=lorina
question=['brothers' 'sisters' 'grandpa' 'grandma'], predicted=hucknall
question=['brothers' 'sisters' 'grandson' 'granddaughter'], predicted=stepson
question=['brothers' 'sisters' 'groom' 'bride'], predicted=marina
question=['brothers' 'sisters' 'husband' 'wife'], predicted=her
question=['brothers' 'sisters' 'nephew' 'niece'], predicted=duchess
question=['brothers' 'sisters' 'stepfather' 'stepmother'], predicted=drusilla
question=['brothers' 'sisters' 'stepson' 'stepdaughter'], predicted=drusilla
question=['brothers' 'sisters' 'boy' 'girl'], predicted=perky
question=['dad' 'mom' 'grandfather' 'grandmother'], predicted=grandson
question=['dad' 'mom' 'grandpa' 'grandma'], predicted=kinison
question=['dad' 'mom' 'grandson' 'granddaughter'], predicted=ankan
question=['dad' 'mom' 'groom' 'bride'], predicted=cheerfully
question=['dad' 'mom' 'his' 'her'], predicted=s
question=['dad' 'mom' 'king' 'queen'], predicted=duke
question=['dad' 'mom' 'nephew' 'niece'], predicted=grandson
question=['dad' 'mom' 'prince' 'princess'], predicted=duke
question=['dad' 'mom' 'sons' 'daughters'], predicted=ankan
question=['dad' 'mom' 'stepfather' 'stepmother'], predicted=henchmen
question=['dad' 'mom' 'stepson' 'stepdaughter'], predicted=vipsania
question=['dad' 'mom' 'uncle' 'aunt'], predicted=jemima
question=['dad' 'mom' 'boy' 'girl'], predicted=batty
question=['dad' 'mom' 'brother' 'sister'], predicted=ermengarde
question=['dad' 'mom' 'brothers' 'sisters'], predicted=vanzetti
question=['father' 'mother' 'grandpa' 'grandma'], predicted=tapp
question=['father' 'mother' 'groom' 'bride'], predicted=diaper
question=['father' 'mother' 'his' 'her'], predicted=s
question=['father' 'mother' 'nephew' 'niece'], predicted=wife
question=['father' 'mother' 'stepfather' 'stepmother'], predicted=vipsania
question=['father' 'mother' 'stepson' 'stepdaughter'], predicted=vipsania
question=['grandfather' 'grandmother' 'grandpa' 'grandma'], predicted=staind
question=['grandfather' 'grandmother' 'grandson' 'granddaughter'], predicted=son
question=['grandfather' 'grandmother' 'groom' 'bride'], predicted=wedding
question=['grandfather' 'grandmother' 'his' 'her'], predicted=s
question=['grandfather' 'grandmother' 'king' 'queen'], predicted=cocalus
question=['grandfather' 'grandmother' 'nephew' 'niece'], predicted=stepson
question=['grandfather' 'grandmother' 'prince' 'princess'], predicted=hrh
question=['grandfather' 'grandmother' 'stepfather' 'stepmother'], predicted=vipsania
question=['grandfather' 'grandmother' 'stepson' 'stepdaughter'], predicted=vipsania
question=['grandfather' 'grandmother' 'uncle' 'aunt'], predicted=mother
question=['grandfather' 'grandmother' 'brothers' 'sisters'], predicted=zeppo
question=['grandfather' 'grandmother' 'dad' 'mom'], predicted=mcgillicuddy
question=['grandpa' 'grandma' 'grandson' 'granddaughter'], predicted=son
question=['grandpa' 'grandma' 'groom' 'bride'], predicted=katharina
question=['grandpa' 'grandma' 'his' 'her'], predicted=s
question=['grandpa' 'grandma' 'king' 'queen'], predicted=son
question=['grandpa' 'grandma' 'man' 'woman'], predicted=son
question=['grandpa' 'grandma' 'nephew' 'niece'], predicted=son
question=['grandpa' 'grandma' 'prince' 'princess'], predicted=battenberg
question=['grandpa' 'grandma' 'son' 'daughter'], predicted=father
question=['grandpa' 'grandma' 'sons' 'daughters'], predicted=son
question=['grandpa' 'grandma' 'stepfather' 'stepmother'], predicted=mcfowl
question=['grandpa' 'grandma' 'stepson' 'stepdaughter'], predicted=gemellus
question=['grandpa' 'grandma' 'uncle' 'aunt'], predicted=father
question=['grandpa' 'grandma' 'boy' 'girl'], predicted=molested
question=['grandpa' 'grandma' 'brother' 'sister'], predicted=son
question=['grandpa' 'grandma' 'brothers' 'sisters'], predicted=brother
question=['grandpa' 'grandma' 'dad' 'mom'], predicted=father
question=['grandson' 'granddaughter' 'groom' 'bride'], predicted=wedding
question=['grandson' 'granddaughter' 'nephew' 'niece'], predicted=gruoch
question=['grandson' 'granddaughter' 'prince' 'princess'], predicted=hrh
question=['grandson' 'granddaughter' 'stepfather' 'stepmother'], predicted=gracen
question=['grandson' 'granddaughter' 'stepson' 'stepdaughter'], predicted=gruoch
question=['grandson' 'granddaughter' 'uncle' 'aunt'], predicted=allie
question=['grandson' 'granddaughter' 'brother' 'sister'], predicted=younger
question=['grandson' 'granddaughter' 'dad' 'mom'], predicted=horrid
question=['grandson' 'granddaughter' 'grandpa' 'grandma'], predicted=staind
question=['groom' 'bride' 'his' 'her'], predicted=s
question=['groom' 'bride' 'king' 'queen'], predicted=son
question=['groom' 'bride' 'man' 'woman'], predicted=girl
question=['groom' 'bride' 'nephew' 'niece'], predicted=son
question=['groom' 'bride' 'prince' 'princess'], predicted=anahobe
question=['groom' 'bride' 'sons' 'daughters'], predicted=son
question=['groom' 'bride' 'stepfather' 'stepmother'], predicted=mommu
question=['groom' 'bride' 'stepson' 'stepdaughter'], predicted=gruoch
question=['groom' 'bride' 'uncle' 'aunt'], predicted=son
question=['groom' 'bride' 'brother' 'sister'], predicted=son
question=['groom' 'bride' 'brothers' 'sisters'], predicted=son
question=['groom' 'bride' 'dad' 'mom'], predicted=sante
question=['groom' 'bride' 'grandfather' 'grandmother'], predicted=grandson
question=['groom' 'bride' 'grandpa' 'grandma'], predicted=micki
question=['groom' 'bride' 'grandson' 'granddaughter'], predicted=son
question=['he' 'she' 'husband' 'wife'], predicted=her
question=['he' 'she' 'nephew' 'niece'], predicted=uncle
question=['he' 'she' 'stepfather' 'stepmother'], predicted=mcfowl
question=['he' 'she' 'stepson' 'stepdaughter'], predicted=mcfowl
question=['he' 'she' 'uncle' 'aunt'], predicted=mother
question=['he' 'she' 'brother' 'sister'], predicted=mcfowl
question=['he' 'she' 'dad' 'mom'], predicted=girl
question=['he' 'she' 'grandpa' 'grandma'], predicted=tapp
question=['he' 'she' 'grandson' 'granddaughter'], predicted=son
question=['his' 'her' 'stepfather' 'stepmother'], predicted=branwell
question=['his' 'her' 'stepson' 'stepdaughter'], predicted=wife
question=['his' 'her' 'uncle' 'aunt'], predicted=mother
question=['his' 'her' 'dad' 'mom'], predicted=girl
question=['his' 'her' 'grandfather' 'grandmother'], predicted=mother
question=['his' 'her' 'grandpa' 'grandma'], predicted=norah
question=['his' 'her' 'grandson' 'granddaughter'], predicted=mother
question=['husband' 'wife' 'king' 'queen'], predicted=son
question=['husband' 'wife' 'man' 'woman'], predicted=son
question=['husband' 'wife' 'nephew' 'niece'], predicted=son
question=['husband' 'wife' 'prince' 'princess'], predicted=battenberg
question=['husband' 'wife' 'sons' 'daughters'], predicted=son
question=['husband' 'wife' 'stepfather' 'stepmother'], predicted=son
question=['husband' 'wife' 'stepson' 'stepdaughter'], predicted=son
question=['husband' 'wife' 'uncle' 'aunt'], predicted=father
question=['husband' 'wife' 'boy' 'girl'], predicted=man
question=['husband' 'wife' 'brother' 'sister'], predicted=son
question=['husband' 'wife' 'brothers' 'sisters'], predicted=brother
question=['husband' 'wife' 'dad' 'mom'], predicted=father
question=['husband' 'wife' 'grandfather' 'grandmother'], predicted=father
question=['husband' 'wife' 'grandpa' 'grandma'], predicted=mandrell
question=['husband' 'wife' 'grandson' 'granddaughter'], predicted=son
question=['husband' 'wife' 'groom' 'bride'], predicted=cottontail
question=['husband' 'wife' 'he' 'she'], predicted=his
question=['husband' 'wife' 'his' 'her'], predicted=s
question=['king' 'queen' 'man' 'woman'], predicted=girl
question=['king' 'queen' 'nephew' 'niece'], predicted=eleonore
question=['king' 'queen' 'prince' 'princess'], predicted=hrh
question=['king' 'queen' 'stepfather' 'stepmother'], predicted=beug
question=['king' 'queen' 'stepson' 'stepdaughter'], predicted=elizabeth
question=['king' 'queen' 'brother' 'sister'], predicted=beug
question=['king' 'queen' 'dad' 'mom'], predicted=girl
question=['king' 'queen' 'grandpa' 'grandma'], predicted=norah
question=['king' 'queen' 'grandson' 'granddaughter'], predicted=eleonore
question=['king' 'queen' 'groom' 'bride'], predicted=victoria
question=['king' 'queen' 'husband' 'wife'], predicted=beug
question=['man' 'woman' 'nephew' 'niece'], predicted=wife
question=['man' 'woman' 'prince' 'princess'], predicted=battenberg
question=['man' 'woman' 'stepfather' 'stepmother'], predicted=husband
question=['man' 'woman' 'stepson' 'stepdaughter'], predicted=vipsania
question=['man' 'woman' 'brother' 'sister'], predicted=wife
question=['man' 'woman' 'brothers' 'sisters'], predicted=zilpah
question=['man' 'woman' 'dad' 'mom'], predicted=rachel
question=['man' 'woman' 'grandfather' 'grandmother'], predicted=paternal
question=['man' 'woman' 'grandpa' 'grandma'], predicted=mandrell
question=['man' 'woman' 'grandson' 'granddaughter'], predicted=daughters
question=['man' 'woman' 'groom' 'bride'], predicted=rachel
question=['nephew' 'niece' 'stepfather' 'stepmother'], predicted=maybelle
question=['nephew' 'niece' 'stepson' 'stepdaughter'], predicted=marcella
question=['nephew' 'niece' 'uncle' 'aunt'], predicted=grandmother
question=['nephew' 'niece' 'brothers' 'sisters'], predicted=branwell
question=['nephew' 'niece' 'dad' 'mom'], predicted=frenchy
question=['nephew' 'niece' 'grandpa' 'grandma'], predicted=emmylou
question=['nephew' 'niece' 'grandson' 'granddaughter'], predicted=comnena
question=['nephew' 'niece' 'groom' 'bride'], predicted=marina
question=['prince' 'princess' 'stepfather' 'stepmother'], predicted=olympias
question=['prince' 'princess' 'stepson' 'stepdaughter'], predicted=vipsania
question=['prince' 'princess' 'dad' 'mom'], predicted=girl
question=['prince' 'princess' 'grandpa' 'grandma'], predicted=ronstadt
question=['prince' 'princess' 'grandson' 'granddaughter'], predicted=son
question=['prince' 'princess' 'man' 'woman'], predicted=girl
question=['son' 'daughter' 'stepfather' 'stepmother'], predicted=vipsania
question=['son' 'daughter' 'stepson' 'stepdaughter'], predicted=vipsania
question=['son' 'daughter' 'dad' 'mom'], predicted=frenchy
question=['son' 'daughter' 'grandfather' 'grandmother'], predicted=mother
question=['son' 'daughter' 'grandpa' 'grandma'], predicted=mandrell
question=['son' 'daughter' 'groom' 'bride'], predicted=courtship
question=['son' 'daughter' 'prince' 'princess'], predicted=coburg
question=['sons' 'daughters' 'stepfather' 'stepmother'], predicted=drusilla
question=['sons' 'daughters' 'stepson' 'stepdaughter'], predicted=vipsania
question=['sons' 'daughters' 'dad' 'mom'], predicted=hvor
question=['sons' 'daughters' 'grandpa' 'grandma'], predicted=tapp
question=['sons' 'daughters' 'groom' 'bride'], predicted=wedding
question=['sons' 'daughters' 'nephew' 'niece'], predicted=uncle
question=['stepfather' 'stepmother' 'uncle' 'aunt'], predicted=father
question=['stepfather' 'stepmother' 'brother' 'sister'], predicted=father
question=['stepfather' 'stepmother' 'brothers' 'sisters'], predicted=jeckel
question=['stepfather' 'stepmother' 'dad' 'mom'], predicted=quale
question=['stepfather' 'stepmother' 'grandfather' 'grandmother'], predicted=gioachino
question=['stepfather' 'stepmother' 'grandpa' 'grandma'], predicted=captioned
question=['stepfather' 'stepmother' 'grandson' 'granddaughter'], predicted=infanta
question=['stepfather' 'stepmother' 'groom' 'bride'], predicted=highbury
question=['stepfather' 'stepmother' 'his' 'her'], predicted=their
question=['stepfather' 'stepmother' 'husband' 'wife'], predicted=infanta
question=['stepfather' 'stepmother' 'king' 'queen'], predicted=kings
question=['stepfather' 'stepmother' 'man' 'woman'], predicted=girl
question=['stepfather' 'stepmother' 'nephew' 'niece'], predicted=joscelin
question=['stepfather' 'stepmother' 'prince' 'princess'], predicted=duke
question=['stepfather' 'stepmother' 'son' 'daughter'], predicted=father
question=['stepson' 'stepdaughter' 'uncle' 'aunt'], predicted=father
question=['stepson' 'stepdaughter' 'brothers' 'sisters'], predicted=gummo
question=['stepson' 'stepdaughter' 'dad' 'mom'], predicted=lucha
question=['stepson' 'stepdaughter' 'grandfather' 'grandmother'], predicted=gioachino
question=['stepson' 'stepdaughter' 'grandpa' 'grandma'], predicted=mandrell
question=['stepson' 'stepdaughter' 'grandson' 'granddaughter'], predicted=son
question=['stepson' 'stepdaughter' 'groom' 'bride'], predicted=negev
question=['stepson' 'stepdaughter' 'he' 'she'], predicted=shawar
question=['stepson' 'stepdaughter' 'his' 'her'], predicted=s
question=['stepson' 'stepdaughter' 'king' 'queen'], predicted=kings
question=['stepson' 'stepdaughter' 'man' 'woman'], predicted=men
question=['stepson' 'stepdaughter' 'nephew' 'niece'], predicted=phine
question=['stepson' 'stepdaughter' 'prince' 'princess'], predicted=transkei
question=['stepson' 'stepdaughter' 'stepfather' 'stepmother'], predicted=aeson
question=['uncle' 'aunt' 'dad' 'mom'], predicted=girl
question=['uncle' 'aunt' 'grandfather' 'grandmother'], predicted=paternal
question=['uncle' 'aunt' 'grandpa' 'grandma'], predicted=emmylou
question=['uncle' 'aunt' 'grandson' 'granddaughter'], predicted=descendants
question=['uncle' 'aunt' 'groom' 'bride'], predicted=nieces
question=['uncle' 'aunt' 'his' 'her'], predicted=their
question=['uncle' 'aunt' 'man' 'woman'], predicted=girl
question=['uncle' 'aunt' 'nephew' 'niece'], predicted=marry
question=['uncle' 'aunt' 'stepfather' 'stepmother'], predicted=caecilia
question=['uncle' 'aunt' 'stepson' 'stepdaughter'], predicted=vipsania
question=['amazing' 'amazingly' 'apparent' 'apparently'], predicted=kbo
question=['amazing' 'amazingly' 'calm' 'calmly'], predicted=disproportionately
question=['amazing' 'amazingly' 'cheerful' 'cheerfully'], predicted=inquisitive
question=['amazing' 'amazingly' 'complete' 'completely'], predicted=definitive
question=['amazing' 'amazingly' 'efficient' 'efficiently'], predicted=cheaper
question=['amazing' 'amazingly' 'fortunate' 'fortunately'], predicted=sempronius
question=['amazing' 'amazingly' 'free' 'freely'], predicted=relatively
question=['amazing' 'amazingly' 'furious' 'furiously'], predicted=mountainside
question=['amazing' 'amazingly' 'happy' 'happily'], predicted=overbearing
question=['amazing' 'amazingly' 'immediate' 'immediately'], predicted=demilitarization
question=['amazing' 'amazingly' 'infrequent' 'infrequently'], predicted=comparatively
question=['amazing' 'amazingly' 'lucky' 'luckily'], predicted=retrospect
question=['amazing' 'amazingly' 'most' 'mostly'], predicted=more
question=['amazing' 'amazingly' 'obvious' 'obviously'], predicted=apparent
question=['amazing' 'amazingly' 'occasional' 'occasionally'], predicted=relatively
question=['amazing' 'amazingly' 'possible' 'possibly'], predicted=difficult
question=['amazing' 'amazingly' 'precise' 'precisely'], predicted=kbo
question=['amazing' 'amazingly' 'professional' 'professionally'], predicted=kbo
question=['amazing' 'amazingly' 'quick' 'quickly'], predicted=notoriously
question=['amazing' 'amazingly' 'quiet' 'quietly'], predicted=comfortable
question=['amazing' 'amazingly' 'rapid' 'rapidly'], predicted=readjustment
question=['amazing' 'amazingly' 'rare' 'rarely'], predicted=relatively
question=['amazing' 'amazingly' 'reluctant' 'reluctantly'], predicted=willing
question=['amazing' 'amazingly' 'safe' 'safely'], predicted=comfortable
question=['amazing' 'amazingly' 'serious' 'seriously'], predicted=severe
question=['amazing' 'amazingly' 'slow' 'slowly'], predicted=pace
question=['amazing' 'amazingly' 'sudden' 'suddenly'], predicted=besiegers
question=['amazing' 'amazingly' 'swift' 'swiftly'], predicted=gulliver
question=['amazing' 'amazingly' 'typical' 'typically'], predicted=whereas
question=['amazing' 'amazingly' 'unfortunate' 'unfortunately'], predicted=extravagance
question=['amazing' 'amazingly' 'usual' 'usually'], predicted=kbo
question=['apparent' 'apparently' 'calm' 'calmly'], predicted=amalekites
question=['apparent' 'apparently' 'cheerful' 'cheerfully'], predicted=earthbound
question=['apparent' 'apparently' 'complete' 'completely'], predicted=previously
question=['apparent' 'apparently' 'efficient' 'efficiently'], predicted=unprocessed
question=['apparent' 'apparently' 'fortunate' 'fortunately'], predicted=supposedly
question=['apparent' 'apparently' 'free' 'freely'], predicted=originally
question=['apparent' 'apparently' 'furious' 'furiously'], predicted=amalekites
question=['apparent' 'apparently' 'happy' 'happily'], predicted=originally
question=['apparent' 'apparently' 'infrequent' 'infrequently'], predicted=previously
question=['apparent' 'apparently' 'lucky' 'luckily'], predicted=originally
question=['apparent' 'apparently' 'most' 'mostly'], predicted=both
question=['apparent' 'apparently' 'obvious' 'obviously'], predicted=supposedly
question=['apparent' 'apparently' 'occasional' 'occasionally'], predicted=supposedly
question=['apparent' 'apparently' 'possible' 'possibly'], predicted=actually
question=['apparent' 'apparently' 'precise' 'precisely'], predicted=originally
question=['apparent' 'apparently' 'professional' 'professionally'], predicted=wrestler
question=['apparent' 'apparently' 'quick' 'quickly'], predicted=supposedly
question=['apparent' 'apparently' 'quiet' 'quietly'], predicted=supposedly
question=['apparent' 'apparently' 'rapid' 'rapidly'], predicted=originally
question=['apparent' 'apparently' 'rare' 'rarely'], predicted=previously
question=['apparent' 'apparently' 'reluctant' 'reluctantly'], predicted=refused
question=['apparent' 'apparently' 'safe' 'safely'], predicted=amalekites
question=['apparent' 'apparently' 'serious' 'seriously'], predicted=supposedly
question=['apparent' 'apparently' 'slow' 'slowly'], predicted=infectors
question=['apparent' 'apparently' 'sudden' 'suddenly'], predicted=whalen
question=['apparent' 'apparently' 'swift' 'swiftly'], predicted=gulliver
question=['apparent' 'apparently' 'typical' 'typically'], predicted=originally
question=['apparent' 'apparently' 'unfortunate' 'unfortunately'], predicted=supposedly
question=['apparent' 'apparently' 'usual' 'usually'], predicted=originally
question=['apparent' 'apparently' 'amazing' 'amazingly'], predicted=jeckel
question=['calm' 'calmly' 'cheerful' 'cheerfully'], predicted=pantheism
question=['calm' 'calmly' 'complete' 'completely'], predicted=ourcivilisation
question=['calm' 'calmly' 'efficient' 'efficiently'], predicted=easier
question=['calm' 'calmly' 'fortunate' 'fortunately'], predicted=dares
question=['calm' 'calmly' 'free' 'freely'], predicted=gratis
question=['calm' 'calmly' 'furious' 'furiously'], predicted=sneaky
question=['calm' 'calmly' 'happy' 'happily'], predicted=sinned
question=['calm' 'calmly' 'immediate' 'immediately'], predicted=dkp
question=['calm' 'calmly' 'infrequent' 'infrequently'], predicted=khariboli
question=['calm' 'calmly' 'lucky' 'luckily'], predicted=dicks
question=['calm' 'calmly' 'most' 'mostly'], predicted=only
question=['calm' 'calmly' 'obvious' 'obviously'], predicted=yehowah
question=['calm' 'calmly' 'occasional' 'occasionally'], predicted=falsetto
question=['calm' 'calmly' 'possible' 'possibly'], predicted=corollaries
question=['calm' 'calmly' 'precise' 'precisely'], predicted=notational
question=['calm' 'calmly' 'professional' 'professionally'], predicted=trombonists
question=['calm' 'calmly' 'quick' 'quickly'], predicted=bartenders
question=['calm' 'calmly' 'quiet' 'quietly'], predicted=pantheism
question=['calm' 'calmly' 'rapid' 'rapidly'], predicted=incremental
question=['calm' 'calmly' 'rare' 'rarely'], predicted=binder
question=['calm' 'calmly' 'reluctant' 'reluctantly'], predicted=refused
question=['calm' 'calmly' 'safe' 'safely'], predicted=onan
question=['calm' 'calmly' 'serious' 'seriously'], predicted=pseudoscientific
question=['calm' 'calmly' 'slow' 'slowly'], predicted=paced
question=['calm' 'calmly' 'sudden' 'suddenly'], predicted=paralytic
question=['calm' 'calmly' 'swift' 'swiftly'], predicted=jaffebros
question=['calm' 'calmly' 'unfortunate' 'unfortunately'], predicted=pseudepigraphical
question=['calm' 'calmly' 'usual' 'usually'], predicted=discant
question=['calm' 'calmly' 'amazing' 'amazingly'], predicted=scrivener
question=['calm' 'calmly' 'apparent' 'apparently'], predicted=obvious
question=['cheerful' 'cheerfully' 'complete' 'completely'], predicted=blacked
question=['cheerful' 'cheerfully' 'efficient' 'efficiently'], predicted=aerodynamicists
question=['cheerful' 'cheerfully' 'fortunate' 'fortunately'], predicted=octavius
question=['cheerful' 'cheerfully' 'free' 'freely'], predicted=korn
question=['cheerful' 'cheerfully' 'furious' 'furiously'], predicted=amalekites
question=['cheerful' 'cheerfully' 'happy' 'happily'], predicted=fuckin
question=['cheerful' 'cheerfully' 'immediate' 'immediately'], predicted=consent
question=['cheerful' 'cheerfully' 'infrequent' 'infrequently'], predicted=wakshul
question=['cheerful' 'cheerfully' 'lucky' 'luckily'], predicted=swindle
question=['cheerful' 'cheerfully' 'most' 'mostly'], predicted=some
question=['cheerful' 'cheerfully' 'obvious' 'obviously'], predicted=oft
question=['cheerful' 'cheerfully' 'occasional' 'occasionally'], predicted=frequent
question=['cheerful' 'cheerfully' 'possible' 'possibly'], predicted=freewheeling
question=['cheerful' 'cheerfully' 'precise' 'precisely'], predicted=aerodynamicists
question=['cheerful' 'cheerfully' 'professional' 'professionally'], predicted=professionals
question=['cheerful' 'cheerfully' 'quick' 'quickly'], predicted=blacked
question=['cheerful' 'cheerfully' 'quiet' 'quietly'], predicted=swindle
question=['cheerful' 'cheerfully' 'rapid' 'rapidly'], predicted=armoring
question=['cheerful' 'cheerfully' 'rare' 'rarely'], predicted=machetes
question=['cheerful' 'cheerfully' 'reluctant' 'reluctantly'], predicted=unwilling
question=['cheerful' 'cheerfully' 'safe' 'safely'], predicted=unload
question=['cheerful' 'cheerfully' 'serious' 'seriously'], predicted=rigors
question=['cheerful' 'cheerfully' 'slow' 'slowly'], predicted=blacked
question=['cheerful' 'cheerfully' 'sudden' 'suddenly'], predicted=overwork
question=['cheerful' 'cheerfully' 'swift' 'swiftly'], predicted=swindle
question=['cheerful' 'cheerfully' 'typical' 'typically'], predicted=normally
question=['cheerful' 'cheerfully' 'unfortunate' 'unfortunately'], predicted=disobeying
question=['cheerful' 'cheerfully' 'usual' 'usually'], predicted=formal
question=['cheerful' 'cheerfully' 'amazing' 'amazingly'], predicted=jeckel
question=['cheerful' 'cheerfully' 'apparent' 'apparently'], predicted=obvious
question=['cheerful' 'cheerfully' 'calm' 'calmly'], predicted=courageously
question=['complete' 'completely' 'efficient' 'efficiently'], predicted=leaded
question=['complete' 'completely' 'fortunate' 'fortunately'], predicted=entirely
question=['complete' 'completely' 'free' 'freely'], predicted=entirely
question=['complete' 'completely' 'furious' 'furiously'], predicted=suddenly
question=['complete' 'completely' 'happy' 'happily'], predicted=shy
question=['complete' 'completely' 'immediate' 'immediately'], predicted=autocracies
question=['complete' 'completely' 'infrequent' 'infrequently'], predicted=unavailable
question=['complete' 'completely' 'lucky' 'luckily'], predicted=blush
question=['complete' 'completely' 'most' 'mostly'], predicted=many
question=['complete' 'completely' 'obvious' 'obviously'], predicted=entirely
question=['complete' 'completely' 'occasional' 'occasionally'], predicted=entirely
question=['complete' 'completely' 'possible' 'possibly'], predicted=entirely
question=['complete' 'completely' 'precise' 'precisely'], predicted=entirely
question=['complete' 'completely' 'professional' 'professionally'], predicted=dominatrixes
question=['complete' 'completely' 'quick' 'quickly'], predicted=mitsumi
question=['complete' 'completely' 'quiet' 'quietly'], predicted=cathodes
question=['complete' 'completely' 'rapid' 'rapidly'], predicted=consumable
question=['complete' 'completely' 'rare' 'rarely'], predicted=entirely
question=['complete' 'completely' 'reluctant' 'reluctantly'], predicted=persuaded
question=['complete' 'completely' 'safe' 'safely'], predicted=bugged
question=['complete' 'completely' 'serious' 'seriously'], predicted=maladaptive
question=['complete' 'completely' 'slow' 'slowly'], predicted=entirely
question=['complete' 'completely' 'sudden' 'suddenly'], predicted=entirely
question=['complete' 'completely' 'swift' 'swiftly'], predicted=entirely
question=['complete' 'completely' 'typical' 'typically'], predicted=entirely
question=['complete' 'completely' 'unfortunate' 'unfortunately'], predicted=entirely
question=['complete' 'completely' 'usual' 'usually'], predicted=altogether
question=['complete' 'completely' 'amazing' 'amazingly'], predicted=entirely
question=['complete' 'completely' 'apparent' 'apparently'], predicted=entirely
question=['complete' 'completely' 'calm' 'calmly'], predicted=cathodes
question=['complete' 'completely' 'cheerful' 'cheerfully'], predicted=comically
question=['efficient' 'efficiently' 'fortunate' 'fortunately'], predicted=bhagiratha
question=['efficient' 'efficiently' 'furious' 'furiously'], predicted=accidently
question=['efficient' 'efficiently' 'happy' 'happily'], predicted=pangs
question=['efficient' 'efficiently' 'immediate' 'immediately'], predicted=operand
question=['efficient' 'efficiently' 'infrequent' 'infrequently'], predicted=linger
question=['efficient' 'efficiently' 'lucky' 'luckily'], predicted=bhagiratha
question=['efficient' 'efficiently' 'most' 'mostly'], predicted=all
question=['efficient' 'efficiently' 'obvious' 'obviously'], predicted=clearly
question=['efficient' 'efficiently' 'occasional' 'occasionally'], predicted=typhoons
question=['efficient' 'efficiently' 'possible' 'possibly'], predicted=can
question=['efficient' 'efficiently' 'precise' 'precisely'], predicted=numerical
question=['efficient' 'efficiently' 'professional' 'professionally'], predicted=trombonists
question=['efficient' 'efficiently' 'quick' 'quickly'], predicted=check
question=['efficient' 'efficiently' 'rapid' 'rapidly'], predicted=infrastructures
question=['efficient' 'efficiently' 'rare' 'rarely'], predicted=ferrimagnetism
question=['efficient' 'efficiently' 'reluctant' 'reluctantly'], predicted=refused
question=['efficient' 'efficiently' 'safe' 'safely'], predicted=check
question=['efficient' 'efficiently' 'serious' 'seriously'], predicted=severe
question=['efficient' 'efficiently' 'slow' 'slowly'], predicted=infectors
question=['efficient' 'efficiently' 'sudden' 'suddenly'], predicted=sads
question=['efficient' 'efficiently' 'swift' 'swiftly'], predicted=gollum
question=['efficient' 'efficiently' 'typical' 'typically'], predicted=above
question=['efficient' 'efficiently' 'unfortunate' 'unfortunately'], predicted=bhagiratha
question=['efficient' 'efficiently' 'usual' 'usually'], predicted=bracketed
question=['efficient' 'efficiently' 'amazing' 'amazingly'], predicted=jeckel
question=['efficient' 'efficiently' 'apparent' 'apparently'], predicted=spica
question=['efficient' 'efficiently' 'calm' 'calmly'], predicted=comfortably
question=['efficient' 'efficiently' 'cheerful' 'cheerfully'], predicted=witted
question=['efficient' 'efficiently' 'complete' 'completely'], predicted=full
question=['fortunate' 'fortunately' 'free' 'freely'], predicted=open
question=['fortunate' 'fortunately' 'furious' 'furiously'], predicted=bojinka
question=['fortunate' 'fortunately' 'happy' 'happily'], predicted=bookings
question=['fortunate' 'fortunately' 'immediate' 'immediately'], predicted=operation
question=['fortunate' 'fortunately' 'infrequent' 'infrequently'], predicted=infectors
question=['fortunate' 'fortunately' 'lucky' 'luckily'], predicted=twitch
question=['fortunate' 'fortunately' 'most' 'mostly'], predicted=some
question=['fortunate' 'fortunately' 'obvious' 'obviously'], predicted=unfortunately
question=['fortunate' 'fortunately' 'occasional' 'occasionally'], predicted=coverage
question=['fortunate' 'fortunately' 'possible' 'possibly'], predicted=observability
question=['fortunate' 'fortunately' 'precise' 'precisely'], predicted=exact
question=['fortunate' 'fortunately' 'professional' 'professionally'], predicted=cheerleading
question=['fortunate' 'fortunately' 'quick' 'quickly'], predicted=infectors
question=['fortunate' 'fortunately' 'quiet' 'quietly'], predicted=operation
question=['fortunate' 'fortunately' 'rapid' 'rapidly'], predicted=slow
question=['fortunate' 'fortunately' 'rare' 'rarely'], predicted=prohibitively
question=['fortunate' 'fortunately' 'reluctant' 'reluctantly'], predicted=trying
question=['fortunate' 'fortunately' 'safe' 'safely'], predicted=check
question=['fortunate' 'fortunately' 'serious' 'seriously'], predicted=preventable
question=['fortunate' 'fortunately' 'slow' 'slowly'], predicted=infectors
question=['fortunate' 'fortunately' 'sudden' 'suddenly'], predicted=raindrops
question=['fortunate' 'fortunately' 'swift' 'swiftly'], predicted=caterpillar
question=['fortunate' 'fortunately' 'unfortunate' 'unfortunately'], predicted=epidemic
question=['fortunate' 'fortunately' 'usual' 'usually'], predicted=mainboard
question=['fortunate' 'fortunately' 'amazing' 'amazingly'], predicted=epidemic
question=['fortunate' 'fortunately' 'apparent' 'apparently'], predicted=sidespin
question=['fortunate' 'fortunately' 'calm' 'calmly'], predicted=obstinate
question=['fortunate' 'fortunately' 'cheerful' 'cheerfully'], predicted=sexualized
question=['fortunate' 'fortunately' 'complete' 'completely'], predicted=compiling
question=['fortunate' 'fortunately' 'efficient' 'efficiently'], predicted=configuring
question=['free' 'freely' 'furious' 'furiously'], predicted=lenthall
question=['free' 'freely' 'happy' 'happily'], predicted=laugh
question=['free' 'freely' 'immediate' 'immediately'], predicted=situation
question=['free' 'freely' 'infrequent' 'infrequently'], predicted=rarely
question=['free' 'freely' 'lucky' 'luckily'], predicted=personally
question=['free' 'freely' 'most' 'mostly'], predicted=many
question=['free' 'freely' 'occasional' 'occasionally'], predicted=frequent
question=['free' 'freely' 'possible' 'possibly'], predicted=difficult
question=['free' 'freely' 'precise' 'precisely'], predicted=accurate
question=['free' 'freely' 'professional' 'professionally'], predicted=trombonists
question=['free' 'freely' 'quick' 'quickly'], predicted=gracefully
question=['free' 'freely' 'quiet' 'quietly'], predicted=warm
question=['free' 'freely' 'rapid' 'rapidly'], predicted=htsc
question=['free' 'freely' 'reluctant' 'reluctantly'], predicted=hesitant
question=['free' 'freely' 'serious' 'seriously'], predicted=problems
question=['free' 'freely' 'slow' 'slowly'], predicted=slower
question=['free' 'freely' 'sudden' 'suddenly'], predicted=hastened
question=['free' 'freely' 'swift' 'swiftly'], predicted=reluctance
question=['free' 'freely' 'unfortunate' 'unfortunately'], predicted=feared
question=['free' 'freely' 'usual' 'usually'], predicted=frequently
question=['free' 'freely' 'amazing' 'amazingly'], predicted=astounding
question=['free' 'freely' 'apparent' 'apparently'], predicted=obvious
question=['free' 'freely' 'calm' 'calmly'], predicted=seaworthy
question=['free' 'freely' 'cheerful' 'cheerfully'], predicted=shy
question=['free' 'freely' 'complete' 'completely'], predicted=laboriously
question=['free' 'freely' 'fortunate' 'fortunately'], predicted=polycrates
question=['furious' 'furiously' 'happy' 'happily'], predicted=jubilation
question=['furious' 'furiously' 'immediate' 'immediately'], predicted=prolonging
question=['furious' 'furiously' 'infrequent' 'infrequently'], predicted=orogeny
question=['furious' 'furiously' 'lucky' 'luckily'], predicted=jubilation
question=['furious' 'furiously' 'most' 'mostly'], predicted=many
question=['furious' 'furiously' 'obvious' 'obviously'], predicted=apparent
question=['furious' 'furiously' 'occasional' 'occasionally'], predicted=farmlands
question=['furious' 'furiously' 'possible' 'possibly'], predicted=gyroscopes
question=['furious' 'furiously' 'professional' 'professionally'], predicted=fencers
question=['furious' 'furiously' 'quick' 'quickly'], predicted=annealed
question=['furious' 'furiously' 'quiet' 'quietly'], predicted=jubilation
question=['furious' 'furiously' 'rapid' 'rapidly'], predicted=shrinkage
question=['furious' 'furiously' 'rare' 'rarely'], predicted=sapphires
question=['furious' 'furiously' 'reluctant' 'reluctantly'], predicted=wont
question=['furious' 'furiously' 'safe' 'safely'], predicted=securely
question=['furious' 'furiously' 'serious' 'seriously'], predicted=solicitous
question=['furious' 'furiously' 'sudden' 'suddenly'], predicted=shrinkage
question=['furious' 'furiously' 'swift' 'swiftly'], predicted=jubilation
question=['furious' 'furiously' 'typical' 'typically'], predicted=fronds
question=['furious' 'furiously' 'unfortunate' 'unfortunately'], predicted=volte
question=['furious' 'furiously' 'usual' 'usually'], predicted=pews
question=['furious' 'furiously' 'amazing' 'amazingly'], predicted=shew
question=['furious' 'furiously' 'apparent' 'apparently'], predicted=obvious
question=['furious' 'furiously' 'calm' 'calmly'], predicted=courageously
question=['furious' 'furiously' 'cheerful' 'cheerfully'], predicted=jubilation
question=['furious' 'furiously' 'complete' 'completely'], predicted=possessor
question=['furious' 'furiously' 'efficient' 'efficiently'], predicted=cheaper
question=['furious' 'furiously' 'fortunate' 'fortunately'], predicted=crom
question=['furious' 'furiously' 'free' 'freely'], predicted=possessor
question=['happy' 'happily' 'immediate' 'immediately'], predicted=leaving
question=['happy' 'happily' 'infrequent' 'infrequently'], predicted=rigors
question=['happy' 'happily' 'lucky' 'luckily'], predicted=screamed
question=['happy' 'happily' 'most' 'mostly'], predicted=many
question=['happy' 'happily' 'obvious' 'obviously'], predicted=workarounds
question=['happy' 'happily' 'occasional' 'occasionally'], predicted=frequent
question=['happy' 'happily' 'possible' 'possibly'], predicted=impossible
question=['happy' 'happily' 'precise' 'precisely'], predicted=determine
question=['happy' 'happily' 'professional' 'professionally'], predicted=trombonists
question=['happy' 'happily' 'quick' 'quickly'], predicted=validate
question=['happy' 'happily' 'quiet' 'quietly'], predicted=clairmont
question=['happy' 'happily' 'rapid' 'rapidly'], predicted=deployment
question=['happy' 'happily' 'rare' 'rarely'], predicted=nontoxic
question=['happy' 'happily' 'reluctant' 'reluctantly'], predicted=refused
question=['happy' 'happily' 'serious' 'seriously'], predicted=rigors
question=['happy' 'happily' 'slow' 'slowly'], predicted=accelerated
question=['happy' 'happily' 'sudden' 'suddenly'], predicted=electrocution
question=['happy' 'happily' 'swift' 'swiftly'], predicted=jonathan
question=['happy' 'happily' 'unfortunate' 'unfortunately'], predicted=disgraceful
question=['happy' 'happily' 'usual' 'usually'], predicted=simplest
question=['happy' 'happily' 'amazing' 'amazingly'], predicted=recurred
question=['happy' 'happily' 'apparent' 'apparently'], predicted=obvious
question=['happy' 'happily' 'calm' 'calmly'], predicted=libyans
question=['happy' 'happily' 'cheerful' 'cheerfully'], predicted=likeable
question=['happy' 'happily' 'complete' 'completely'], predicted=undeciphered
question=['happy' 'happily' 'efficient' 'efficiently'], predicted=reliable
question=['happy' 'happily' 'fortunate' 'fortunately'], predicted=revitalised
question=['happy' 'happily' 'furious' 'furiously'], predicted=polygraph
question=['immediate' 'immediately' 'infrequent' 'infrequently'], predicted=actually
question=['immediate' 'immediately' 'lucky' 'luckily'], predicted=suddenly
question=['immediate' 'immediately' 'most' 'mostly'], predicted=only
question=['immediate' 'immediately' 'obvious' 'obviously'], predicted=soon
question=['immediate' 'immediately' 'possible' 'possibly'], predicted=soon
question=['immediate' 'immediately' 'professional' 'professionally'], predicted=wrestler
question=['immediate' 'immediately' 'quick' 'quickly'], predicted=soon
question=['immediate' 'immediately' 'quiet' 'quietly'], predicted=suddenly
question=['immediate' 'immediately' 'rapid' 'rapidly'], predicted=soon
question=['immediate' 'immediately' 'rare' 'rarely'], predicted=mysteriously
question=['immediate' 'immediately' 'reluctant' 'reluctantly'], predicted=refused
question=['immediate' 'immediately' 'safe' 'safely'], predicted=suddenly
question=['immediate' 'immediately' 'serious' 'seriously'], predicted=soon
question=['immediate' 'immediately' 'swift' 'swiftly'], predicted=realises
question=['immediate' 'immediately' 'typical' 'typically'], predicted=actually
question=['immediate' 'immediately' 'unfortunate' 'unfortunately'], predicted=apparently
question=['immediate' 'immediately' 'usual' 'usually'], predicted=actually
question=['immediate' 'immediately' 'amazing' 'amazingly'], predicted=suddenly
question=['immediate' 'immediately' 'apparent' 'apparently'], predicted=soon
question=['immediate' 'immediately' 'calm' 'calmly'], predicted=clarice
question=['immediate' 'immediately' 'cheerful' 'cheerfully'], predicted=realises
question=['immediate' 'immediately' 'efficient' 'efficiently'], predicted=cheaper
question=['immediate' 'immediately' 'fortunate' 'fortunately'], predicted=soon
question=['immediate' 'immediately' 'free' 'freely'], predicted=soon
question=['immediate' 'immediately' 'furious' 'furiously'], predicted=realises
question=['immediate' 'immediately' 'happy' 'happily'], predicted=realises
question=['infrequent' 'infrequently' 'lucky' 'luckily'], predicted=beggar
question=['infrequent' 'infrequently' 'most' 'mostly'], predicted=both
question=['infrequent' 'infrequently' 'obvious' 'obviously'], predicted=vulgarity
question=['infrequent' 'infrequently' 'occasional' 'occasionally'], predicted=frequent
question=['infrequent' 'infrequently' 'possible' 'possibly'], predicted=impossible
question=['infrequent' 'infrequently' 'precise' 'precisely'], predicted=exact
question=['infrequent' 'infrequently' 'professional' 'professionally'], predicted=shuttleworth
question=['infrequent' 'infrequently' 'quick' 'quickly'], predicted=gimmick
question=['infrequent' 'infrequently' 'quiet' 'quietly'], predicted=likeable
question=['infrequent' 'infrequently' 'rapid' 'rapidly'], predicted=advent
question=['infrequent' 'infrequently' 'rare' 'rarely'], predicted=fusible
question=['infrequent' 'infrequently' 'reluctant' 'reluctantly'], predicted=hesitant
question=['infrequent' 'infrequently' 'safe' 'safely'], predicted=solicitous
question=['infrequent' 'infrequently' 'serious' 'seriously'], predicted=solicitous
question=['infrequent' 'infrequently' 'slow' 'slowly'], predicted=tiring
question=['infrequent' 'infrequently' 'sudden' 'suddenly'], predicted=unconsciousness
question=['infrequent' 'infrequently' 'swift' 'swiftly'], predicted=jonathan
question=['infrequent' 'infrequently' 'unfortunate' 'unfortunately'], predicted=dreadful
question=['infrequent' 'infrequently' 'usual' 'usually'], predicted=gimmick
question=['infrequent' 'infrequently' 'amazing' 'amazingly'], predicted=spider
question=['infrequent' 'infrequently' 'apparent' 'apparently'], predicted=obvious
question=['infrequent' 'infrequently' 'calm' 'calmly'], predicted=solicitous
question=['infrequent' 'infrequently' 'cheerful' 'cheerfully'], predicted=likeable
question=['infrequent' 'infrequently' 'complete' 'completely'], predicted=full
question=['infrequent' 'infrequently' 'efficient' 'efficiently'], predicted=cheaper
question=['infrequent' 'infrequently' 'fortunate' 'fortunately'], predicted=macaria
question=['infrequent' 'infrequently' 'furious' 'furiously'], predicted=sneaky
question=['infrequent' 'infrequently' 'happy' 'happily'], predicted=matinee
question=['infrequent' 'infrequently' 'immediate' 'immediately'], predicted=icon
question=['lucky' 'luckily' 'most' 'mostly'], predicted=many
question=['lucky' 'luckily' 'obvious' 'obviously'], predicted=expertly
question=['lucky' 'luckily' 'occasional' 'occasionally'], predicted=fogs
question=['lucky' 'luckily' 'possible' 'possibly'], predicted=multipath
question=['lucky' 'luckily' 'precise' 'precisely'], predicted=overbuilt
question=['lucky' 'luckily' 'professional' 'professionally'], predicted=amateur
question=['lucky' 'luckily' 'quick' 'quickly'], predicted=acoustically
question=['lucky' 'luckily' 'quiet' 'quietly'], predicted=controller
question=['lucky' 'luckily' 'rapid' 'rapidly'], predicted=readjustment
question=['lucky' 'luckily' 'rare' 'rarely'], predicted=fogs
question=['lucky' 'luckily' 'reluctant' 'reluctantly'], predicted=expertly
question=['lucky' 'luckily' 'safe' 'safely'], predicted=schwangyu
question=['lucky' 'luckily' 'serious' 'seriously'], predicted=rigors
question=['lucky' 'luckily' 'slow' 'slowly'], predicted=fogs
question=['lucky' 'luckily' 'sudden' 'suddenly'], predicted=fogs
question=['lucky' 'luckily' 'swift' 'swiftly'], predicted=commotion
question=['lucky' 'luckily' 'typical' 'typically'], predicted=expertly
question=['lucky' 'luckily' 'unfortunate' 'unfortunately'], predicted=expertly
question=['lucky' 'luckily' 'usual' 'usually'], predicted=previous
question=['lucky' 'luckily' 'amazing' 'amazingly'], predicted=expertly
question=['lucky' 'luckily' 'apparent' 'apparently'], predicted=gravely
question=['lucky' 'luckily' 'calm' 'calmly'], predicted=fogs
question=['lucky' 'luckily' 'cheerful' 'cheerfully'], predicted=fogs
question=['lucky' 'luckily' 'complete' 'completely'], predicted=winmodem
question=['lucky' 'luckily' 'efficient' 'efficiently'], predicted=expertly
question=['lucky' 'luckily' 'fortunate' 'fortunately'], predicted=lusitanians
question=['lucky' 'luckily' 'free' 'freely'], predicted=awt
question=['lucky' 'luckily' 'furious' 'furiously'], predicted=sandrider
question=['lucky' 'luckily' 'happy' 'happily'], predicted=webbed
question=['lucky' 'luckily' 'immediate' 'immediately'], predicted=expertly
question=['lucky' 'luckily' 'infrequent' 'infrequently'], predicted=fogs
question=['most' 'mostly' 'obvious' 'obviously'], predicted=primarily
question=['most' 'mostly' 'occasional' 'occasionally'], predicted=mainly
question=['most' 'mostly' 'possible' 'possibly'], predicted=primarily
question=['most' 'mostly' 'precise' 'precisely'], predicted=primarily
question=['most' 'mostly' 'professional' 'professionally'], predicted=primarily
question=['most' 'mostly' 'quick' 'quickly'], predicted=mainly
question=['most' 'mostly' 'quiet' 'quietly'], predicted=mainly
question=['most' 'mostly' 'rapid' 'rapidly'], predicted=mainly
question=['most' 'mostly' 'rare' 'rarely'], predicted=primarily
question=['most' 'mostly' 'reluctant' 'reluctantly'], predicted=primarily
question=['most' 'mostly' 'safe' 'safely'], predicted=primarily
question=['most' 'mostly' 'serious' 'seriously'], predicted=primarily
question=['most' 'mostly' 'slow' 'slowly'], predicted=mainly
question=['most' 'mostly' 'sudden' 'suddenly'], predicted=mainly
question=['most' 'mostly' 'swift' 'swiftly'], predicted=mainly
question=['most' 'mostly' 'typical' 'typically'], predicted=primarily
question=['most' 'mostly' 'unfortunate' 'unfortunately'], predicted=primarily
question=['most' 'mostly' 'usual' 'usually'], predicted=mainly
question=['most' 'mostly' 'amazing' 'amazingly'], predicted=mainly
question=['most' 'mostly' 'apparent' 'apparently'], predicted=primarily
question=['most' 'mostly' 'calm' 'calmly'], predicted=mainly
question=['most' 'mostly' 'cheerful' 'cheerfully'], predicted=primarily
question=['most' 'mostly' 'complete' 'completely'], predicted=primarily
question=['most' 'mostly' 'efficient' 'efficiently'], predicted=primarily
question=['most' 'mostly' 'fortunate' 'fortunately'], predicted=mainly
question=['most' 'mostly' 'free' 'freely'], predicted=mainly
question=['most' 'mostly' 'furious' 'furiously'], predicted=mainly
question=['most' 'mostly' 'happy' 'happily'], predicted=mainly
question=['most' 'mostly' 'immediate' 'immediately'], predicted=mainly
question=['most' 'mostly' 'infrequent' 'infrequently'], predicted=mainly
question=['most' 'mostly' 'lucky' 'luckily'], predicted=primarily
question=['obvious' 'obviously' 'possible' 'possibly'], predicted=therefore
question=['obvious' 'obviously' 'precise' 'precisely'], predicted=accurate
question=['obvious' 'obviously' 'professional' 'professionally'], predicted=wrestler
question=['obvious' 'obviously' 'quick' 'quickly'], predicted=initially
question=['obvious' 'obviously' 'quiet' 'quietly'], predicted=warm
question=['obvious' 'obviously' 'rapid' 'rapidly'], predicted=growth
question=['obvious' 'obviously' 'rare' 'rarely'], predicted=quite
question=['obvious' 'obviously' 'reluctant' 'reluctantly'], predicted=hesitant
question=['obvious' 'obviously' 'safe' 'safely'], predicted=seaworthy
question=['obvious' 'obviously' 'serious' 'seriously'], predicted=pose
question=['obvious' 'obviously' 'slow' 'slowly'], predicted=slower
question=['obvious' 'obviously' 'sudden' 'suddenly'], predicted=paralysis
question=['obvious' 'obviously' 'swift' 'swiftly'], predicted=gulliver
question=['obvious' 'obviously' 'unfortunate' 'unfortunately'], predicted=unlucky
question=['obvious' 'obviously' 'usual' 'usually'], predicted=strictly
question=['obvious' 'obviously' 'amazing' 'amazingly'], predicted=jeckel
question=['obvious' 'obviously' 'apparent' 'apparently'], predicted=underestimates
question=['obvious' 'obviously' 'calm' 'calmly'], predicted=warm
question=['obvious' 'obviously' 'cheerful' 'cheerfully'], predicted=shy
question=['obvious' 'obviously' 'complete' 'completely'], predicted=full
question=['obvious' 'obviously' 'efficient' 'efficiently'], predicted=computationally
question=['obvious' 'obviously' 'fortunate' 'fortunately'], predicted=dares
question=['obvious' 'obviously' 'furious' 'furiously'], predicted=indefatigable
question=['obvious' 'obviously' 'happy' 'happily'], predicted=makin
question=['obvious' 'obviously' 'infrequent' 'infrequently'], predicted=occasionally
question=['obvious' 'obviously' 'lucky' 'luckily'], predicted=makin
question=['obvious' 'obviously' 'most' 'mostly'], predicted=not
question=['occasional' 'occasionally' 'possible' 'possibly'], predicted=sometimes
question=['occasional' 'occasionally' 'precise' 'precisely'], predicted=referent
question=['occasional' 'occasionally' 'professional' 'professionally'], predicted=wrestler
question=['occasional' 'occasionally' 'quick' 'quickly'], predicted=mitsumi
question=['occasional' 'occasionally' 'quiet' 'quietly'], predicted=sometimes
question=['occasional' 'occasionally' 'rapid' 'rapidly'], predicted=slowly
question=['occasional' 'occasionally' 'reluctant' 'reluctantly'], predicted=able
question=['occasional' 'occasionally' 'safe' 'safely'], predicted=offeror
question=['occasional' 'occasionally' 'serious' 'seriously'], predicted=frequently
question=['occasional' 'occasionally' 'sudden' 'suddenly'], predicted=tremens
question=['occasional' 'occasionally' 'swift' 'swiftly'], predicted=gulliver
question=['occasional' 'occasionally' 'unfortunate' 'unfortunately'], predicted=incorrectly
question=['occasional' 'occasionally' 'usual' 'usually'], predicted=often
question=['occasional' 'occasionally' 'amazing' 'amazingly'], predicted=etchings
question=['occasional' 'occasionally' 'apparent' 'apparently'], predicted=consequently
question=['occasional' 'occasionally' 'calm' 'calmly'], predicted=cowards
question=['occasional' 'occasionally' 'cheerful' 'cheerfully'], predicted=dancin
question=['occasional' 'occasionally' 'complete' 'completely'], predicted=full
question=['occasional' 'occasionally' 'efficient' 'efficiently'], predicted=cheaper
question=['occasional' 'occasionally' 'fortunate' 'fortunately'], predicted=hebe
question=['occasional' 'occasionally' 'free' 'freely'], predicted=kfreebsd
question=['occasional' 'occasionally' 'furious' 'furiously'], predicted=argus
question=['occasional' 'occasionally' 'happy' 'happily'], predicted=lucky
question=['occasional' 'occasionally' 'immediate' 'immediately'], predicted=condition
question=['occasional' 'occasionally' 'infrequent' 'infrequently'], predicted=frequently
question=['occasional' 'occasionally' 'lucky' 'luckily'], predicted=baby
question=['occasional' 'occasionally' 'most' 'mostly'], predicted=often
question=['possible' 'possibly' 'precise' 'precisely'], predicted=fl
question=['possible' 'possibly' 'professional' 'professionally'], predicted=wrestler
question=['possible' 'possibly' 'quick' 'quickly'], predicted=mome
question=['possible' 'possibly' 'quiet' 'quietly'], predicted=craggy
question=['possible' 'possibly' 'rapid' 'rapidly'], predicted=overcollection
question=['possible' 'possibly' 'rare' 'rarely'], predicted=landfills
question=['possible' 'possibly' 'reluctant' 'reluctantly'], predicted=dissuaded
question=['possible' 'possibly' 'safe' 'safely'], predicted=unharmed
question=['possible' 'possibly' 'serious' 'seriously'], predicted=severe
question=['possible' 'possibly' 'slow' 'slowly'], predicted=overcollection
question=['possible' 'possibly' 'sudden' 'suddenly'], predicted=haemorrhage
question=['possible' 'possibly' 'swift' 'swiftly'], predicted=gulliver
question=['possible' 'possibly' 'typical' 'typically'], predicted=probably
question=['possible' 'possibly' 'unfortunate' 'unfortunately'], predicted=apparently
question=['possible' 'possibly' 'usual' 'usually'], predicted=probably
question=['possible' 'possibly' 'amazing' 'amazingly'], predicted=amnesiac
question=['possible' 'possibly' 'calm' 'calmly'], predicted=weeping
question=['possible' 'possibly' 'cheerful' 'cheerfully'], predicted=craggy
question=['possible' 'possibly' 'complete' 'completely'], predicted=survive
question=['possible' 'possibly' 'efficient' 'efficiently'], predicted=reinvested
question=['possible' 'possibly' 'fortunate' 'fortunately'], predicted=gades
question=['possible' 'possibly' 'free' 'freely'], predicted=bregovi
question=['possible' 'possibly' 'furious' 'furiously'], predicted=phaethon
question=['possible' 'possibly' 'happy' 'happily'], predicted=babs
question=['possible' 'possibly' 'immediate' 'immediately'], predicted=almoravid
question=['possible' 'possibly' 'infrequent' 'infrequently'], predicted=craggy
question=['possible' 'possibly' 'lucky' 'luckily'], predicted=arghun
question=['possible' 'possibly' 'most' 'mostly'], predicted=probably
question=['possible' 'possibly' 'obvious' 'obviously'], predicted=probably
question=['possible' 'possibly' 'occasional' 'occasionally'], predicted=typhoons
question=['precise' 'precisely' 'professional' 'professionally'], predicted=naia
question=['precise' 'precisely' 'quick' 'quickly'], predicted=truly
question=['precise' 'precisely' 'quiet' 'quietly'], predicted=luckiest
question=['precise' 'precisely' 'rapid' 'rapidly'], predicted=shrinkage
question=['precise' 'precisely' 'rare' 'rarely'], predicted=happens
question=['precise' 'precisely' 'reluctant' 'reluctantly'], predicted=enslave
question=['precise' 'precisely' 'safe' 'safely'], predicted=enslave
question=['precise' 'precisely' 'serious' 'seriously'], predicted=severe
question=['precise' 'precisely' 'slow' 'slowly'], predicted=pace
question=['precise' 'precisely' 'sudden' 'suddenly'], predicted=crushing
question=['precise' 'precisely' 'swift' 'swiftly'], predicted=gulliver
question=['precise' 'precisely' 'unfortunate' 'unfortunately'], predicted=enslave
question=['precise' 'precisely' 'usual' 'usually'], predicted=normal
question=['precise' 'precisely' 'amazing' 'amazingly'], predicted=ugliest
question=['precise' 'precisely' 'apparent' 'apparently'], predicted=obvious
question=['precise' 'precisely' 'calm' 'calmly'], predicted=obstinate
question=['precise' 'precisely' 'cheerful' 'cheerfully'], predicted=luckiest
question=['precise' 'precisely' 'complete' 'completely'], predicted=indeed
question=['precise' 'precisely' 'fortunate' 'fortunately'], predicted=educations
question=['precise' 'precisely' 'free' 'freely'], predicted=untidy
question=['precise' 'precisely' 'furious' 'furiously'], predicted=cowards
question=['precise' 'precisely' 'happy' 'happily'], predicted=makin
question=['precise' 'precisely' 'infrequent' 'infrequently'], predicted=exposed
question=['precise' 'precisely' 'lucky' 'luckily'], predicted=jap
question=['precise' 'precisely' 'most' 'mostly'], predicted=not
question=['precise' 'precisely' 'obvious' 'obviously'], predicted=clearly
question=['precise' 'precisely' 'occasional' 'occasionally'], predicted=frequent
question=['precise' 'precisely' 'possible' 'possibly'], predicted=necessary
question=['professional' 'professionally' 'quick' 'quickly'], predicted=easy
question=['professional' 'professionally' 'quiet' 'quietly'], predicted=lucky
question=['professional' 'professionally' 'rapid' 'rapidly'], predicted=gasses
question=['professional' 'professionally' 'rare' 'rarely'], predicted=malleable
question=['professional' 'professionally' 'reluctant' 'reluctantly'], predicted=refused
question=['professional' 'professionally' 'safe' 'safely'], predicted=seaworthy
question=['professional' 'professionally' 'serious' 'seriously'], predicted=horrific
question=['professional' 'professionally' 'sudden' 'suddenly'], predicted=downpours
question=['professional' 'professionally' 'swift' 'swiftly'], predicted=gulliver
question=['professional' 'professionally' 'typical' 'typically'], predicted=komon
question=['professional' 'professionally' 'unfortunate' 'unfortunately'], predicted=apparently
question=['professional' 'professionally' 'usual' 'usually'], predicted=tedious
question=['professional' 'professionally' 'amazing' 'amazingly'], predicted=astounding
question=['professional' 'professionally' 'apparent' 'apparently'], predicted=obvious
question=['professional' 'professionally' 'calm' 'calmly'], predicted=capsizing
question=['professional' 'professionally' 'cheerful' 'cheerfully'], predicted=likeable
question=['professional' 'professionally' 'complete' 'completely'], predicted=pamphilus
question=['professional' 'professionally' 'fortunate' 'fortunately'], predicted=bithynia
question=['professional' 'professionally' 'furious' 'furiously'], predicted=helmsman
question=['professional' 'professionally' 'happy' 'happily'], predicted=lucky
question=['professional' 'professionally' 'infrequent' 'infrequently'], predicted=midday
question=['professional' 'professionally' 'lucky' 'luckily'], predicted=sundown
question=['professional' 'professionally' 'most' 'mostly'], predicted=many
question=['professional' 'professionally' 'obvious' 'obviously'], predicted=apparently
question=['professional' 'professionally' 'occasional' 'occasionally'], predicted=frequent
question=['professional' 'professionally' 'possible' 'possibly'], predicted=difficult
question=['professional' 'professionally' 'precise' 'precisely'], predicted=accurate
question=['quick' 'quickly' 'quiet' 'quietly'], predicted=slowly
question=['quick' 'quickly' 'rare' 'rarely'], predicted=rapidly
question=['quick' 'quickly' 'reluctant' 'reluctantly'], predicted=soon
question=['quick' 'quickly' 'safe' 'safely'], predicted=rapidly
question=['quick' 'quickly' 'serious' 'seriously'], predicted=rapidly
question=['quick' 'quickly' 'sudden' 'suddenly'], predicted=slowly
question=['quick' 'quickly' 'swift' 'swiftly'], predicted=slowly
question=['quick' 'quickly' 'typical' 'typically'], predicted=rapidly
question=['quick' 'quickly' 'unfortunate' 'unfortunately'], predicted=soon
question=['quick' 'quickly' 'usual' 'usually'], predicted=slowly
question=['quick' 'quickly' 'amazing' 'amazingly'], predicted=soon
question=['quick' 'quickly' 'apparent' 'apparently'], predicted=gradually
question=['quick' 'quickly' 'calm' 'calmly'], predicted=slowly
question=['quick' 'quickly' 'cheerful' 'cheerfully'], predicted=slowly
question=['quick' 'quickly' 'complete' 'completely'], predicted=soon
question=['quick' 'quickly' 'efficient' 'efficiently'], predicted=rapidly
question=['quick' 'quickly' 'fortunate' 'fortunately'], predicted=soon
question=['quick' 'quickly' 'free' 'freely'], predicted=slowly
question=['quick' 'quickly' 'furious' 'furiously'], predicted=soon
question=['quick' 'quickly' 'happy' 'happily'], predicted=soon
question=['quick' 'quickly' 'immediate' 'immediately'], predicted=rapidly
question=['quick' 'quickly' 'infrequent' 'infrequently'], predicted=slowly
question=['quick' 'quickly' 'lucky' 'luckily'], predicted=soon
question=['quick' 'quickly' 'most' 'mostly'], predicted=gradually
question=['quick' 'quickly' 'obvious' 'obviously'], predicted=soon
question=['quick' 'quickly' 'occasional' 'occasionally'], predicted=frequent
question=['quick' 'quickly' 'possible' 'possibly'], predicted=soon
question=['quick' 'quickly' 'precise' 'precisely'], predicted=gradually
question=['quick' 'quickly' 'professional' 'professionally'], predicted=soon
question=['quiet' 'quietly' 'rapid' 'rapidly'], predicted=regrowth
question=['quiet' 'quietly' 'reluctant' 'reluctantly'], predicted=refused
question=['quiet' 'quietly' 'safe' 'safely'], predicted=dumpsters
question=['quiet' 'quietly' 'serious' 'seriously'], predicted=disfellowshipping
question=['quiet' 'quietly' 'sudden' 'suddenly'], predicted=circumstances
question=['quiet' 'quietly' 'swift' 'swiftly'], predicted=jonathan
question=['quiet' 'quietly' 'unfortunate' 'unfortunately'], predicted=pernicious
question=['quiet' 'quietly' 'usual' 'usually'], predicted=poultice
question=['quiet' 'quietly' 'amazing' 'amazingly'], predicted=novelisations
question=['quiet' 'quietly' 'apparent' 'apparently'], predicted=overstepping
question=['quiet' 'quietly' 'calm' 'calmly'], predicted=cruelly
question=['quiet' 'quietly' 'cheerful' 'cheerfully'], predicted=waitress
question=['quiet' 'quietly' 'complete' 'completely'], predicted=supers
question=['quiet' 'quietly' 'fortunate' 'fortunately'], predicted=postumus
question=['quiet' 'quietly' 'furious' 'furiously'], predicted=videotaped
question=['quiet' 'quietly' 'happy' 'happily'], predicted=waitress
question=['quiet' 'quietly' 'immediate' 'immediately'], predicted=circumstances
question=['quiet' 'quietly' 'infrequent' 'infrequently'], predicted=dominatrixes
question=['quiet' 'quietly' 'lucky' 'luckily'], predicted=nephews
question=['quiet' 'quietly' 'most' 'mostly'], predicted=many
question=['quiet' 'quietly' 'obvious' 'obviously'], predicted=obviate
question=['quiet' 'quietly' 'occasional' 'occasionally'], predicted=rarely
question=['quiet' 'quietly' 'possible' 'possibly'], predicted=approximations
question=['quiet' 'quietly' 'precise' 'precisely'], predicted=approximations
question=['quiet' 'quietly' 'professional' 'professionally'], predicted=dominatrixes
question=['quiet' 'quietly' 'quick' 'quickly'], predicted=queued
question=['rapid' 'rapidly' 'rare' 'rarely'], predicted=quite
question=['rapid' 'rapidly' 'reluctant' 'reluctantly'], predicted=disillusioned
question=['rapid' 'rapidly' 'safe' 'safely'], predicted=quickly
question=['rapid' 'rapidly' 'serious' 'seriously'], predicted=abstruse
question=['rapid' 'rapidly' 'sudden' 'suddenly'], predicted=quickly
question=['rapid' 'rapidly' 'swift' 'swiftly'], predicted=gulliver
question=['rapid' 'rapidly' 'typical' 'typically'], predicted=relish
question=['rapid' 'rapidly' 'unfortunate' 'unfortunately'], predicted=feared
question=['rapid' 'rapidly' 'usual' 'usually'], predicted=slowly
question=['rapid' 'rapidly' 'amazing' 'amazingly'], predicted=abstruse
question=['rapid' 'rapidly' 'apparent' 'apparently'], predicted=gradually
question=['rapid' 'rapidly' 'calm' 'calmly'], predicted=profusely
question=['rapid' 'rapidly' 'cheerful' 'cheerfully'], predicted=profusely
question=['rapid' 'rapidly' 'complete' 'completely'], predicted=quickly
question=['rapid' 'rapidly' 'efficient' 'efficiently'], predicted=quickly
question=['rapid' 'rapidly' 'fortunate' 'fortunately'], predicted=quickly
question=['rapid' 'rapidly' 'free' 'freely'], predicted=slowly
question=['rapid' 'rapidly' 'furious' 'furiously'], predicted=quickly
question=['rapid' 'rapidly' 'happy' 'happily'], predicted=derkins
question=['rapid' 'rapidly' 'immediate' 'immediately'], predicted=quickly
question=['rapid' 'rapidly' 'infrequent' 'infrequently'], predicted=occasionally
question=['rapid' 'rapidly' 'lucky' 'luckily'], predicted=profusely
question=['rapid' 'rapidly' 'most' 'mostly'], predicted=many
question=['rapid' 'rapidly' 'obvious' 'obviously'], predicted=apparent
question=['rapid' 'rapidly' 'occasional' 'occasionally'], predicted=frequent
question=['rapid' 'rapidly' 'possible' 'possibly'], predicted=difficult
question=['rapid' 'rapidly' 'precise' 'precisely'], predicted=abstruse
question=['rapid' 'rapidly' 'professional' 'professionally'], predicted=wrestler
question=['rapid' 'rapidly' 'quiet' 'quietly'], predicted=likeable
question=['rare' 'rarely' 'reluctant' 'reluctantly'], predicted=willing
question=['rare' 'rarely' 'safe' 'safely'], predicted=pursuers
question=['rare' 'rarely' 'serious' 'seriously'], predicted=seldom
question=['rare' 'rarely' 'sudden' 'suddenly'], predicted=paralysis
question=['rare' 'rarely' 'swift' 'swiftly'], predicted=seldom
question=['rare' 'rarely' 'unfortunate' 'unfortunately'], predicted=never
question=['rare' 'rarely' 'usual' 'usually'], predicted=seldom
question=['rare' 'rarely' 'amazing' 'amazingly'], predicted=never
question=['rare' 'rarely' 'apparent' 'apparently'], predicted=never
question=['rare' 'rarely' 'calm' 'calmly'], predicted=courageously
question=['rare' 'rarely' 'cheerful' 'cheerfully'], predicted=never
question=['rare' 'rarely' 'complete' 'completely'], predicted=never
question=['rare' 'rarely' 'fortunate' 'fortunately'], predicted=never
question=['rare' 'rarely' 'free' 'freely'], predicted=gratis
question=['rare' 'rarely' 'furious' 'furiously'], predicted=never
question=['rare' 'rarely' 'happy' 'happily'], predicted=never
question=['rare' 'rarely' 'immediate' 'immediately'], predicted=seldom
question=['rare' 'rarely' 'infrequent' 'infrequently'], predicted=seldom
question=['rare' 'rarely' 'lucky' 'luckily'], predicted=never
question=['rare' 'rarely' 'most' 'mostly'], predicted=often
question=['rare' 'rarely' 'obvious' 'obviously'], predicted=oft
question=['rare' 'rarely' 'occasional' 'occasionally'], predicted=seldom
question=['rare' 'rarely' 'possible' 'possibly'], predicted=sometimes
question=['rare' 'rarely' 'precise' 'precisely'], predicted=seldom
question=['rare' 'rarely' 'professional' 'professionally'], predicted=wrestler
question=['rare' 'rarely' 'quick' 'quickly'], predicted=seldom
question=['rare' 'rarely' 'quiet' 'quietly'], predicted=seldom
question=['rare' 'rarely' 'rapid' 'rapidly'], predicted=slowly
question=['reluctant' 'reluctantly' 'safe' 'safely'], predicted=hauk
question=['reluctant' 'reluctantly' 'serious' 'seriously'], predicted=overwork
question=['reluctant' 'reluctantly' 'slow' 'slowly'], predicted=rapid
question=['reluctant' 'reluctantly' 'sudden' 'suddenly'], predicted=overwork
question=['reluctant' 'reluctantly' 'swift' 'swiftly'], predicted=austerlitz
question=['reluctant' 'reluctantly' 'typical' 'typically'], predicted=layout
question=['reluctant' 'reluctantly' 'unfortunate' 'unfortunately'], predicted=overwork
question=['reluctant' 'reluctantly' 'usual' 'usually'], predicted=twelve
question=['reluctant' 'reluctantly' 'amazing' 'amazingly'], predicted=grace
question=['reluctant' 'reluctantly' 'apparent' 'apparently'], predicted=underestimates
question=['reluctant' 'reluctantly' 'calm' 'calmly'], predicted=hauk
question=['reluctant' 'reluctantly' 'cheerful' 'cheerfully'], predicted=calmness
question=['reluctant' 'reluctantly' 'complete' 'completely'], predicted=bannister
question=['reluctant' 'reluctantly' 'fortunate' 'fortunately'], predicted=tarentum
question=['reluctant' 'reluctantly' 'furious' 'furiously'], predicted=hauk
question=['reluctant' 'reluctantly' 'happy' 'happily'], predicted=carnage
question=['reluctant' 'reluctantly' 'immediate' 'immediately'], predicted=aftermath
question=['reluctant' 'reluctantly' 'infrequent' 'infrequently'], predicted=monsoons
question=['reluctant' 'reluctantly' 'lucky' 'luckily'], predicted=cashier
question=['reluctant' 'reluctantly' 'most' 'mostly'], predicted=many
question=['reluctant' 'reluctantly' 'obvious' 'obviously'], predicted=apparent
question=['reluctant' 'reluctantly' 'occasional' 'occasionally'], predicted=goukouni
question=['reluctant' 'reluctantly' 'possible' 'possibly'], predicted=thus
question=['reluctant' 'reluctantly' 'precise' 'precisely'], predicted=livor
question=['reluctant' 'reluctantly' 'professional' 'professionally'], predicted=baseball
question=['reluctant' 'reluctantly' 'quick' 'quickly'], predicted=balloting
question=['reluctant' 'reluctantly' 'quiet' 'quietly'], predicted=goukouni
question=['reluctant' 'reluctantly' 'rapid' 'rapidly'], predicted=reshape
question=['reluctant' 'reluctantly' 'rare' 'rarely'], predicted=occurrence
question=['safe' 'safely' 'serious' 'seriously'], predicted=severe
question=['safe' 'safely' 'sudden' 'suddenly'], predicted=unconsciousness
question=['safe' 'safely' 'swift' 'swiftly'], predicted=gulliver
question=['safe' 'safely' 'unfortunate' 'unfortunately'], predicted=linger
question=['safe' 'safely' 'usual' 'usually'], predicted=concretely
question=['safe' 'safely' 'amazing' 'amazingly'], predicted=incredible
question=['safe' 'safely' 'apparent' 'apparently'], predicted=obvious
question=['safe' 'safely' 'calm' 'calmly'], predicted=courageously
question=['safe' 'safely' 'cheerful' 'cheerfully'], predicted=mercurial
question=['safe' 'safely' 'complete' 'completely'], predicted=partial
question=['safe' 'safely' 'fortunate' 'fortunately'], predicted=inclination
question=['safe' 'safely' 'furious' 'furiously'], predicted=naught
question=['safe' 'safely' 'happy' 'happily'], predicted=forgot
question=['safe' 'safely' 'immediate' 'immediately'], predicted=djamena
question=['safe' 'safely' 'infrequent' 'infrequently'], predicted=linger
question=['safe' 'safely' 'lucky' 'luckily'], predicted=cernan
question=['safe' 'safely' 'most' 'mostly'], predicted=all
question=['safe' 'safely' 'obvious' 'obviously'], predicted=apparent
question=['safe' 'safely' 'occasional' 'occasionally'], predicted=frequent
question=['safe' 'safely' 'possible' 'possibly'], predicted=confusing
question=['safe' 'safely' 'precise' 'precisely'], predicted=accurately
question=['safe' 'safely' 'professional' 'professionally'], predicted=trombonists
question=['safe' 'safely' 'quick' 'quickly'], predicted=komet
question=['safe' 'safely' 'quiet' 'quietly'], predicted=hardly
question=['safe' 'safely' 'rapid' 'rapidly'], predicted=accelerating
question=['safe' 'safely' 'rare' 'rarely'], predicted=infrequently
question=['safe' 'safely' 'reluctant' 'reluctantly'], predicted=hesitant
question=['serious' 'seriously' 'slow' 'slowly'], predicted=fast
question=['serious' 'seriously' 'sudden' 'suddenly'], predicted=dara
question=['serious' 'seriously' 'swift' 'swiftly'], predicted=halleck
question=['serious' 'seriously' 'typical' 'typically'], predicted=ideally
question=['serious' 'seriously' 'unfortunate' 'unfortunately'], predicted=injured
question=['serious' 'seriously' 'usual' 'usually'], predicted=scanlines
question=['serious' 'seriously' 'amazing' 'amazingly'], predicted=marooned
question=['serious' 'seriously' 'apparent' 'apparently'], predicted=eclipse
question=['serious' 'seriously' 'calm' 'calmly'], predicted=harassed
question=['serious' 'seriously' 'cheerful' 'cheerfully'], predicted=hates
question=['serious' 'seriously' 'complete' 'completely'], predicted=full
question=['serious' 'seriously' 'efficient' 'efficiently'], predicted=cheaper
question=['serious' 'seriously' 'fortunate' 'fortunately'], predicted=heartbroken
question=['serious' 'seriously' 'free' 'freely'], predicted=havenworks
question=['serious' 'seriously' 'furious' 'furiously'], predicted=amalekites
question=['serious' 'seriously' 'happy' 'happily'], predicted=lucky
question=['serious' 'seriously' 'infrequent' 'infrequently'], predicted=gipuzkoa
question=['serious' 'seriously' 'lucky' 'luckily'], predicted=auntie
question=['serious' 'seriously' 'most' 'mostly'], predicted=many
question=['serious' 'seriously' 'obvious' 'obviously'], predicted=apparent
question=['serious' 'seriously' 'occasional' 'occasionally'], predicted=eruptions
question=['serious' 'seriously' 'possible' 'possibly'], predicted=necessary
question=['serious' 'seriously' 'precise' 'precisely'], predicted=exact
question=['serious' 'seriously' 'professional' 'professionally'], predicted=wrestler
question=['serious' 'seriously' 'quick' 'quickly'], predicted=mitsumi
question=['serious' 'seriously' 'quiet' 'quietly'], predicted=nights
question=['serious' 'seriously' 'rapid' 'rapidly'], predicted=overrun
question=['serious' 'seriously' 'rare' 'rarely'], predicted=uncommon
question=['serious' 'seriously' 'reluctant' 'reluctantly'], predicted=refused
question=['serious' 'seriously' 'safe' 'safely'], predicted=seaworthy
question=['slow' 'slowly' 'swift' 'swiftly'], predicted=aryana
question=['slow' 'slowly' 'typical' 'typically'], predicted=rapidly
question=['slow' 'slowly' 'unfortunate' 'unfortunately'], predicted=admires
question=['slow' 'slowly' 'usual' 'usually'], predicted=gradually
question=['slow' 'slowly' 'amazing' 'amazingly'], predicted=awoke
question=['slow' 'slowly' 'apparent' 'apparently'], predicted=gradually
question=['slow' 'slowly' 'calm' 'calmly'], predicted=awoke
question=['slow' 'slowly' 'cheerful' 'cheerfully'], predicted=leela
question=['slow' 'slowly' 'complete' 'completely'], predicted=immediately
question=['slow' 'slowly' 'efficient' 'efficiently'], predicted=rapidly
question=['slow' 'slowly' 'fortunate' 'fortunately'], predicted=faustina
question=['slow' 'slowly' 'furious' 'furiously'], predicted=achelous
question=['slow' 'slowly' 'happy' 'happily'], predicted=derkins
question=['slow' 'slowly' 'infrequent' 'infrequently'], predicted=occasionally
question=['slow' 'slowly' 'lucky' 'luckily'], predicted=swindle
question=['slow' 'slowly' 'most' 'mostly'], predicted=all
question=['slow' 'slowly' 'obvious' 'obviously'], predicted=evident
question=['slow' 'slowly' 'occasional' 'occasionally'], predicted=rarely
question=['slow' 'slowly' 'possible' 'possibly'], predicted=likely
question=['slow' 'slowly' 'precise' 'precisely'], predicted=readily
question=['slow' 'slowly' 'professional' 'professionally'], predicted=wrestler
question=['slow' 'slowly' 'quiet' 'quietly'], predicted=arcueil
question=['slow' 'slowly' 'reluctant' 'reluctantly'], predicted=willing
question=['slow' 'slowly' 'safe' 'safely'], predicted=securely
question=['slow' 'slowly' 'serious' 'seriously'], predicted=degenerates
question=['sudden' 'suddenly' 'swift' 'swiftly'], predicted=cadmus
question=['sudden' 'suddenly' 'unfortunate' 'unfortunately'], predicted=noticed
question=['sudden' 'suddenly' 'usual' 'usually'], predicted=slowly
question=['sudden' 'suddenly' 'amazing' 'amazingly'], predicted=spider
question=['sudden' 'suddenly' 'apparent' 'apparently'], predicted=obvious
question=['sudden' 'suddenly' 'calm' 'calmly'], predicted=awoke
question=['sudden' 'suddenly' 'cheerful' 'cheerfully'], predicted=loner
question=['sudden' 'suddenly' 'complete' 'completely'], predicted=full
question=['sudden' 'suddenly' 'efficient' 'efficiently'], predicted=effective
question=['sudden' 'suddenly' 'fortunate' 'fortunately'], predicted=hebe
question=['sudden' 'suddenly' 'furious' 'furiously'], predicted=sneaky
question=['sudden' 'suddenly' 'happy' 'happily'], predicted=scuse
question=['sudden' 'suddenly' 'infrequent' 'infrequently'], predicted=occasionally
question=['sudden' 'suddenly' 'lucky' 'luckily'], predicted=gunslinger
question=['sudden' 'suddenly' 'most' 'mostly'], predicted=all
question=['sudden' 'suddenly' 'obvious' 'obviously'], predicted=hallucinating
question=['sudden' 'suddenly' 'occasional' 'occasionally'], predicted=frequent
question=['sudden' 'suddenly' 'possible' 'possibly'], predicted=impossible
question=['sudden' 'suddenly' 'precise' 'precisely'], predicted=accurate
question=['sudden' 'suddenly' 'professional' 'professionally'], predicted=amateur
question=['sudden' 'suddenly' 'quiet' 'quietly'], predicted=scuse
question=['sudden' 'suddenly' 'rapid' 'rapidly'], predicted=slowly
question=['sudden' 'suddenly' 'rare' 'rarely'], predicted=occasions
question=['sudden' 'suddenly' 'reluctant' 'reluctantly'], predicted=disillusioned
question=['sudden' 'suddenly' 'serious' 'seriously'], predicted=solicitous
question=['swift' 'swiftly' 'typical' 'typically'], predicted=impermeable
question=['swift' 'swiftly' 'unfortunate' 'unfortunately'], predicted=temporarily
question=['swift' 'swiftly' 'usual' 'usually'], predicted=singling
question=['swift' 'swiftly' 'amazing' 'amazingly'], predicted=incredible
question=['swift' 'swiftly' 'apparent' 'apparently'], predicted=obvious
question=['swift' 'swiftly' 'calm' 'calmly'], predicted=subdue
question=['swift' 'swiftly' 'cheerful' 'cheerfully'], predicted=permeable
question=['swift' 'swiftly' 'complete' 'completely'], predicted=finally
question=['swift' 'swiftly' 'fortunate' 'fortunately'], predicted=enticed
question=['swift' 'swiftly' 'free' 'freely'], predicted=permanently
question=['swift' 'swiftly' 'furious' 'furiously'], predicted=finally
question=['swift' 'swiftly' 'happy' 'happily'], predicted=enticed
question=['swift' 'swiftly' 'immediate' 'immediately'], predicted=temporarily
question=['swift' 'swiftly' 'infrequent' 'infrequently'], predicted=pelagic
question=['swift' 'swiftly' 'lucky' 'luckily'], predicted=renteria
question=['swift' 'swiftly' 'most' 'mostly'], predicted=many
question=['swift' 'swiftly' 'obvious' 'obviously'], predicted=apparent
question=['swift' 'swiftly' 'occasional' 'occasionally'], predicted=frequent
question=['swift' 'swiftly' 'possible' 'possibly'], predicted=easier
question=['swift' 'swiftly' 'professional' 'professionally'], predicted=wrestler
question=['swift' 'swiftly' 'quick' 'quickly'], predicted=finally
question=['swift' 'swiftly' 'quiet' 'quietly'], predicted=finally
question=['swift' 'swiftly' 'rapid' 'rapidly'], predicted=quickly
question=['swift' 'swiftly' 'rare' 'rarely'], predicted=vacancies
question=['swift' 'swiftly' 'reluctant' 'reluctantly'], predicted=willing
question=['swift' 'swiftly' 'safe' 'safely'], predicted=impermeable
question=['swift' 'swiftly' 'serious' 'seriously'], predicted=vulnerable
question=['swift' 'swiftly' 'sudden' 'suddenly'], predicted=violently
question=['typical' 'typically' 'unfortunate' 'unfortunately'], predicted=often
question=['typical' 'typically' 'amazing' 'amazingly'], predicted=jeckel
question=['typical' 'typically' 'apparent' 'apparently'], predicted=obvious
question=['typical' 'typically' 'calm' 'calmly'], predicted=jacurutu
question=['typical' 'typically' 'cheerful' 'cheerfully'], predicted=trollhunters
question=['typical' 'typically' 'complete' 'completely'], predicted=full
question=['typical' 'typically' 'efficient' 'efficiently'], predicted=cheaper
question=['typical' 'typically' 'fortunate' 'fortunately'], predicted=faustina
question=['typical' 'typically' 'free' 'freely'], predicted=gratis
question=['typical' 'typically' 'furious' 'furiously'], predicted=matre
question=['typical' 'typically' 'happy' 'happily'], predicted=thursdays
question=['typical' 'typically' 'immediate' 'immediately'], predicted=additional
question=['typical' 'typically' 'infrequent' 'infrequently'], predicted=occasionally
question=['typical' 'typically' 'lucky' 'luckily'], predicted=gunslinger
question=['typical' 'typically' 'most' 'mostly'], predicted=often
question=['typical' 'typically' 'obvious' 'obviously'], predicted=likely
question=['typical' 'typically' 'possible' 'possibly'], predicted=usually
question=['typical' 'typically' 'precise' 'precisely'], predicted=accurate
question=['typical' 'typically' 'professional' 'professionally'], predicted=hustling
question=['typical' 'typically' 'quick' 'quickly'], predicted=mitsumi
question=['typical' 'typically' 'quiet' 'quietly'], predicted=often
question=['typical' 'typically' 'rapid' 'rapidly'], predicted=attenuation
question=['typical' 'typically' 'reluctant' 'reluctantly'], predicted=willing
question=['typical' 'typically' 'safe' 'safely'], predicted=bugged
question=['typical' 'typically' 'serious' 'seriously'], predicted=severe
question=['typical' 'typically' 'slow' 'slowly'], predicted=generally
question=['typical' 'typically' 'sudden' 'suddenly'], predicted=slowdown
question=['typical' 'typically' 'swift' 'swiftly'], predicted=gulliver
question=['unfortunate' 'unfortunately' 'usual' 'usually'], predicted=yuv
question=['unfortunate' 'unfortunately' 'amazing' 'amazingly'], predicted=jeckel
question=['unfortunate' 'unfortunately' 'apparent' 'apparently'], predicted=sextant
question=['unfortunate' 'unfortunately' 'calm' 'calmly'], predicted=capsizing
question=['unfortunate' 'unfortunately' 'cheerful' 'cheerfully'], predicted=gaynor
question=['unfortunate' 'unfortunately' 'complete' 'completely'], predicted=full
question=['unfortunate' 'unfortunately' 'efficient' 'efficiently'], predicted=nanosecond
question=['unfortunate' 'unfortunately' 'fortunate' 'fortunately'], predicted=sixpence
question=['unfortunate' 'unfortunately' 'free' 'freely'], predicted=available
question=['unfortunate' 'unfortunately' 'furious' 'furiously'], predicted=martindale
question=['unfortunate' 'unfortunately' 'happy' 'happily'], predicted=sixpence
question=['unfortunate' 'unfortunately' 'immediate' 'immediately'], predicted=compatibility
question=['unfortunate' 'unfortunately' 'infrequent' 'infrequently'], predicted=cancellous
question=['unfortunate' 'unfortunately' 'lucky' 'luckily'], predicted=caper
question=['unfortunate' 'unfortunately' 'most' 'mostly'], predicted=however
question=['unfortunate' 'unfortunately' 'obvious' 'obviously'], predicted=apparent
question=['unfortunate' 'unfortunately' 'occasional' 'occasionally'], predicted=frequent
question=['unfortunate' 'unfortunately' 'possible' 'possibly'], predicted=available
question=['unfortunate' 'unfortunately' 'precise' 'precisely'], predicted=sextant
question=['unfortunate' 'unfortunately' 'professional' 'professionally'], predicted=pba
question=['unfortunate' 'unfortunately' 'quick' 'quickly'], predicted=mitsumi
question=['unfortunate' 'unfortunately' 'quiet' 'quietly'], predicted=gaynor
question=['unfortunate' 'unfortunately' 'rapid' 'rapidly'], predicted=interurban
question=['unfortunate' 'unfortunately' 'rare' 'rarely'], predicted=magnesite
question=['unfortunate' 'unfortunately' 'reluctant' 'reluctantly'], predicted=allowed
question=['unfortunate' 'unfortunately' 'safe' 'safely'], predicted=shovels
question=['unfortunate' 'unfortunately' 'serious' 'seriously'], predicted=problems
question=['unfortunate' 'unfortunately' 'slow' 'slowly'], predicted=cdpd
question=['unfortunate' 'unfortunately' 'sudden' 'suddenly'], predicted=limnic
question=['unfortunate' 'unfortunately' 'swift' 'swiftly'], predicted=valente
question=['unfortunate' 'unfortunately' 'typical' 'typically'], predicted=newer
question=['usual' 'usually' 'amazing' 'amazingly'], predicted=jeckel
question=['usual' 'usually' 'apparent' 'apparently'], predicted=typically
question=['usual' 'usually' 'calm' 'calmly'], predicted=torrential
question=['usual' 'usually' 'cheerful' 'cheerfully'], predicted=asok
question=['usual' 'usually' 'complete' 'completely'], predicted=full
question=['usual' 'usually' 'efficient' 'efficiently'], predicted=typically
question=['usual' 'usually' 'fortunate' 'fortunately'], predicted=unlikely
question=['usual' 'usually' 'free' 'freely'], predicted=pennmush
question=['usual' 'usually' 'furious' 'furiously'], predicted=wolverine
question=['usual' 'usually' 'happy' 'happily'], predicted=often
question=['usual' 'usually' 'immediate' 'immediately'], predicted=typically
question=['usual' 'usually' 'infrequent' 'infrequently'], predicted=typically
question=['usual' 'usually' 'lucky' 'luckily'], predicted=vixen
question=['usual' 'usually' 'most' 'mostly'], predicted=many
question=['usual' 'usually' 'obvious' 'obviously'], predicted=typically
question=['usual' 'usually' 'occasional' 'occasionally'], predicted=intermittent
question=['usual' 'usually' 'possible' 'possibly'], predicted=sometimes
question=['usual' 'usually' 'precise' 'precisely'], predicted=typically
question=['usual' 'usually' 'professional' 'professionally'], predicted=dominatrixes
question=['usual' 'usually' 'quick' 'quickly'], predicted=typically
question=['usual' 'usually' 'quiet' 'quietly'], predicted=sometimes
question=['usual' 'usually' 'rapid' 'rapidly'], predicted=typically
question=['usual' 'usually' 'rare' 'rarely'], predicted=typically
question=['usual' 'usually' 'reluctant' 'reluctantly'], predicted=willing
question=['usual' 'usually' 'safe' 'safely'], predicted=bugged
question=['usual' 'usually' 'serious' 'seriously'], predicted=typically
question=['usual' 'usually' 'slow' 'slowly'], predicted=generally
question=['usual' 'usually' 'sudden' 'suddenly'], predicted=torrential
question=['usual' 'usually' 'swift' 'swiftly'], predicted=gulliver
question=['usual' 'usually' 'unfortunate' 'unfortunately'], predicted=often
question=['acceptable' 'unacceptable' 'aware' 'unaware'], predicted=realized
question=['acceptable' 'unacceptable' 'certain' 'uncertain'], predicted=particular
question=['acceptable' 'unacceptable' 'clear' 'unclear'], predicted=presupposed
question=['acceptable' 'unacceptable' 'comfortable' 'uncomfortable'], predicted=secure
question=['acceptable' 'unacceptable' 'competitive' 'uncompetitive'], predicted=lacklustre
question=['acceptable' 'unacceptable' 'convincing' 'unconvincing'], predicted=request
question=['acceptable' 'unacceptable' 'convenient' 'inconvenient'], predicted=connection
question=['acceptable' 'unacceptable' 'decided' 'undecided'], predicted=refused
question=['acceptable' 'unacceptable' 'efficient' 'inefficient'], predicted=efficiently
question=['acceptable' 'unacceptable' 'ethical' 'unethical'], predicted=ethics
question=['acceptable' 'unacceptable' 'fortunate' 'unfortunate'], predicted=florentia
question=['acceptable' 'unacceptable' 'honest' 'dishonest'], predicted=reckless
question=['acceptable' 'unacceptable' 'impressive' 'unimpressive'], predicted=remarkable
question=['acceptable' 'unacceptable' 'informed' 'uninformed'], predicted=told
question=['acceptable' 'unacceptable' 'known' 'unknown'], predicted=called
question=['acceptable' 'unacceptable' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=probable
question=['acceptable' 'unacceptable' 'logical' 'illogical'], predicted=positivism
question=['acceptable' 'unacceptable' 'pleasant' 'unpleasant'], predicted=norwalk
question=['acceptable' 'unacceptable' 'possible' 'impossible'], predicted=necessary
question=['acceptable' 'unacceptable' 'possibly' 'impossibly'], predicted=apparently
question=['acceptable' 'unacceptable' 'productive' 'unproductive'], predicted=militarily
question=['acceptable' 'unacceptable' 'reasonable' 'unreasonable'], predicted=subjectively
question=['acceptable' 'unacceptable' 'responsible' 'irresponsible'], predicted=blamed
question=['acceptable' 'unacceptable' 'sure' 'unsure'], predicted=damn
question=['acceptable' 'unacceptable' 'tasteful' 'distasteful'], predicted=bravura
question=['aware' 'unaware' 'certain' 'uncertain'], predicted=specific
question=['aware' 'unaware' 'clear' 'unclear'], predicted=reyinga
question=['aware' 'unaware' 'comfortable' 'uncomfortable'], predicted=harrell
question=['aware' 'unaware' 'competitive' 'uncompetitive'], predicted=sport
question=['aware' 'unaware' 'consistent' 'inconsistent'], predicted=mwi
question=['aware' 'unaware' 'convincing' 'unconvincing'], predicted=disproving
question=['aware' 'unaware' 'convenient' 'inconvenient'], predicted=useful
question=['aware' 'unaware' 'decided' 'undecided'], predicted=tried
question=['aware' 'unaware' 'efficient' 'inefficient'], predicted=effective
question=['aware' 'unaware' 'ethical' 'unethical'], predicted=dichotomous
question=['aware' 'unaware' 'fortunate' 'unfortunate'], predicted=maid
question=['aware' 'unaware' 'honest' 'dishonest'], predicted=carefree
question=['aware' 'unaware' 'impressive' 'unimpressive'], predicted=stunning
question=['aware' 'unaware' 'informed' 'uninformed'], predicted=lefkow
question=['aware' 'unaware' 'known' 'unknown'], predicted=called
question=['aware' 'unaware' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=probably
question=['aware' 'unaware' 'logical' 'illogical'], predicted=logic
question=['aware' 'unaware' 'pleasant' 'unpleasant'], predicted=cottontail
question=['aware' 'unaware' 'possible' 'impossible'], predicted=necessary
question=['aware' 'unaware' 'possibly' 'impossibly'], predicted=apparently
question=['aware' 'unaware' 'productive' 'unproductive'], predicted=agriculturally
question=['aware' 'unaware' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=consequentialist
question=['aware' 'unaware' 'reasonable' 'unreasonable'], predicted=sufficient
question=['aware' 'unaware' 'responsible' 'irresponsible'], predicted=blamed
question=['aware' 'unaware' 'sure' 'unsure'], predicted=thankful
question=['aware' 'unaware' 'tasteful' 'distasteful'], predicted=popularizers
question=['aware' 'unaware' 'acceptable' 'unacceptable'], predicted=appropriate
question=['certain' 'uncertain' 'comfortable' 'uncomfortable'], predicted=liked
question=['certain' 'uncertain' 'competitive' 'uncompetitive'], predicted=understandably
question=['certain' 'uncertain' 'consistent' 'inconsistent'], predicted=accepted
question=['certain' 'uncertain' 'convincing' 'unconvincing'], predicted=realise
question=['certain' 'uncertain' 'convenient' 'inconvenient'], predicted=unclear
question=['certain' 'uncertain' 'decided' 'undecided'], predicted=chose
question=['certain' 'uncertain' 'efficient' 'inefficient'], predicted=accurate
question=['certain' 'uncertain' 'ethical' 'unethical'], predicted=moral
question=['certain' 'uncertain' 'fortunate' 'unfortunate'], predicted=undefeated
question=['certain' 'uncertain' 'honest' 'dishonest'], predicted=fondly
question=['certain' 'uncertain' 'impressive' 'unimpressive'], predicted=undefeated
question=['certain' 'uncertain' 'informed' 'uninformed'], predicted=worried
question=['certain' 'uncertain' 'known' 'unknown'], predicted=fondly
question=['certain' 'uncertain' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=probable
question=['certain' 'uncertain' 'logical' 'illogical'], predicted=ergo
question=['certain' 'uncertain' 'pleasant' 'unpleasant'], predicted=bidos
question=['certain' 'uncertain' 'possible' 'impossible'], predicted=unclear
question=['certain' 'uncertain' 'possibly' 'impossibly'], predicted=probably
question=['certain' 'uncertain' 'productive' 'unproductive'], predicted=agriculturally
question=['certain' 'uncertain' 'reasonable' 'unreasonable'], predicted=unclear
question=['certain' 'uncertain' 'responsible' 'irresponsible'], predicted=blamed
question=['certain' 'uncertain' 'sure' 'unsure'], predicted=realise
question=['certain' 'uncertain' 'tasteful' 'distasteful'], predicted=iconic
question=['certain' 'uncertain' 'acceptable' 'unacceptable'], predicted=unclear
question=['certain' 'uncertain' 'aware' 'unaware'], predicted=worried
question=['clear' 'unclear' 'comfortable' 'uncomfortable'], predicted=crewmember
question=['clear' 'unclear' 'competitive' 'uncompetitive'], predicted=recreationally
question=['clear' 'unclear' 'consistent' 'inconsistent'], predicted=unknown
question=['clear' 'unclear' 'convincing' 'unconvincing'], predicted=speculate
question=['clear' 'unclear' 'convenient' 'inconvenient'], predicted=commonly
question=['clear' 'unclear' 'decided' 'undecided'], predicted=chose
question=['clear' 'unclear' 'efficient' 'inefficient'], predicted=computationally
question=['clear' 'unclear' 'ethical' 'unethical'], predicted=ethics
question=['clear' 'unclear' 'fortunate' 'unfortunate'], predicted=unknown
question=['clear' 'unclear' 'honest' 'dishonest'], predicted=unknown
question=['clear' 'unclear' 'impressive' 'unimpressive'], predicted=uncertain
question=['clear' 'unclear' 'informed' 'uninformed'], predicted=debated
question=['clear' 'unclear' 'known' 'unknown'], predicted=referred
question=['clear' 'unclear' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=probably
question=['clear' 'unclear' 'logical' 'illogical'], predicted=logic
question=['clear' 'unclear' 'pleasant' 'unpleasant'], predicted=malvinas
question=['clear' 'unclear' 'possible' 'impossible'], predicted=debated
question=['clear' 'unclear' 'possibly' 'impossibly'], predicted=unknown
question=['clear' 'unclear' 'productive' 'unproductive'], predicted=uncertain
question=['clear' 'unclear' 'reasonable' 'unreasonable'], predicted=unproven
question=['clear' 'unclear' 'responsible' 'irresponsible'], predicted=blamed
question=['clear' 'unclear' 'sure' 'unsure'], predicted=uncertain
question=['clear' 'unclear' 'tasteful' 'distasteful'], predicted=dnb
question=['clear' 'unclear' 'acceptable' 'unacceptable'], predicted=debated
question=['clear' 'unclear' 'aware' 'unaware'], predicted=debated
question=['clear' 'unclear' 'certain' 'uncertain'], predicted=various
question=['comfortable' 'uncomfortable' 'competitive' 'uncompetitive'], predicted=unscheduled
question=['comfortable' 'uncomfortable' 'convincing' 'unconvincing'], predicted=defends
question=['comfortable' 'uncomfortable' 'convenient' 'inconvenient'], predicted=difficult
question=['comfortable' 'uncomfortable' 'decided' 'undecided'], predicted=agreed
question=['comfortable' 'uncomfortable' 'efficient' 'inefficient'], predicted=difficult
question=['comfortable' 'uncomfortable' 'ethical' 'unethical'], predicted=ethics
question=['comfortable' 'uncomfortable' 'fortunate' 'unfortunate'], predicted=outstanding
question=['comfortable' 'uncomfortable' 'honest' 'dishonest'], predicted=infallible
question=['comfortable' 'uncomfortable' 'impressive' 'unimpressive'], predicted=outstanding
question=['comfortable' 'uncomfortable' 'informed' 'uninformed'], predicted=impressionable
question=['comfortable' 'uncomfortable' 'known' 'unknown'], predicted=referred
question=['comfortable' 'uncomfortable' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=trifling
question=['comfortable' 'uncomfortable' 'logical' 'illogical'], predicted=ignostics
question=['comfortable' 'uncomfortable' 'pleasant' 'unpleasant'], predicted=gilligan
question=['comfortable' 'uncomfortable' 'possibly' 'impossibly'], predicted=trifling
question=['comfortable' 'uncomfortable' 'productive' 'unproductive'], predicted=outstanding
question=['comfortable' 'uncomfortable' 'reasonable' 'unreasonable'], predicted=deconstructionists
question=['comfortable' 'uncomfortable' 'responsible' 'irresponsible'], predicted=blamed
question=['comfortable' 'uncomfortable' 'sure' 'unsure'], predicted=unafraid
question=['comfortable' 'uncomfortable' 'tasteful' 'distasteful'], predicted=suspenseful
question=['comfortable' 'uncomfortable' 'acceptable' 'unacceptable'], predicted=arguable
question=['comfortable' 'uncomfortable' 'aware' 'unaware'], predicted=realized
question=['comfortable' 'uncomfortable' 'certain' 'uncertain'], predicted=anachronisms
question=['comfortable' 'uncomfortable' 'clear' 'unclear'], predicted=arguable
question=['competitive' 'uncompetitive' 'consistent' 'inconsistent'], predicted=dollarization
question=['competitive' 'uncompetitive' 'convincing' 'unconvincing'], predicted=redressed
question=['competitive' 'uncompetitive' 'convenient' 'inconvenient'], predicted=cumbersome
question=['competitive' 'uncompetitive' 'decided' 'undecided'], predicted=refused
question=['competitive' 'uncompetitive' 'efficient' 'inefficient'], predicted=cheaper
question=['competitive' 'uncompetitive' 'ethical' 'unethical'], predicted=moral
question=['competitive' 'uncompetitive' 'fortunate' 'unfortunate'], predicted=shortlived
question=['competitive' 'uncompetitive' 'honest' 'dishonest'], predicted=noblesse
question=['competitive' 'uncompetitive' 'impressive' 'unimpressive'], predicted=cantilevered
question=['competitive' 'uncompetitive' 'informed' 'uninformed'], predicted=betancur
question=['competitive' 'uncompetitive' 'known' 'unknown'], predicted=called
question=['competitive' 'uncompetitive' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=probable
question=['competitive' 'uncompetitive' 'logical' 'illogical'], predicted=predicate
question=['competitive' 'uncompetitive' 'pleasant' 'unpleasant'], predicted=elmina
question=['competitive' 'uncompetitive' 'possible' 'impossible'], predicted=necessary
question=['competitive' 'uncompetitive' 'possibly' 'impossibly'], predicted=ambon
question=['competitive' 'uncompetitive' 'productive' 'unproductive'], predicted=dollarization
question=['competitive' 'uncompetitive' 'reasonable' 'unreasonable'], predicted=collusion
question=['competitive' 'uncompetitive' 'responsible' 'irresponsible'], predicted=blamed
question=['competitive' 'uncompetitive' 'sure' 'unsure'], predicted=apologize
question=['competitive' 'uncompetitive' 'tasteful' 'distasteful'], predicted=finales
question=['competitive' 'uncompetitive' 'acceptable' 'unacceptable'], predicted=overridden
question=['competitive' 'uncompetitive' 'aware' 'unaware'], predicted=realized
question=['competitive' 'uncompetitive' 'certain' 'uncertain'], predicted=particular
question=['competitive' 'uncompetitive' 'clear' 'unclear'], predicted=regrettable
question=['competitive' 'uncompetitive' 'comfortable' 'uncomfortable'], predicted=ticket
question=['consistent' 'inconsistent' 'convincing' 'unconvincing'], predicted=ridiculously
question=['consistent' 'inconsistent' 'convenient' 'inconvenient'], predicted=easier
question=['consistent' 'inconsistent' 'decided' 'undecided'], predicted=persuaded
question=['consistent' 'inconsistent' 'efficient' 'inefficient'], predicted=cheaper
question=['consistent' 'inconsistent' 'ethical' 'unethical'], predicted=deontology
question=['consistent' 'inconsistent' 'honest' 'dishonest'], predicted=irresponsible
question=['consistent' 'inconsistent' 'impressive' 'unimpressive'], predicted=astonishing
question=['consistent' 'inconsistent' 'informed' 'uninformed'], predicted=piw
question=['consistent' 'inconsistent' 'known' 'unknown'], predicted=called
question=['consistent' 'inconsistent' 'logical' 'illogical'], predicted=fallacies
question=['consistent' 'inconsistent' 'pleasant' 'unpleasant'], predicted=unsightly
question=['consistent' 'inconsistent' 'possible' 'impossible'], predicted=difficult
question=['consistent' 'inconsistent' 'possibly' 'impossibly'], predicted=habiru
question=['consistent' 'inconsistent' 'productive' 'unproductive'], predicted=valuable
question=['consistent' 'inconsistent' 'reasonable' 'unreasonable'], predicted=unjustified
question=['consistent' 'inconsistent' 'responsible' 'irresponsible'], predicted=blamed
question=['consistent' 'inconsistent' 'sure' 'unsure'], predicted=unafraid
question=['consistent' 'inconsistent' 'tasteful' 'distasteful'], predicted=monody
question=['consistent' 'inconsistent' 'aware' 'unaware'], predicted=irritated
question=['consistent' 'inconsistent' 'certain' 'uncertain'], predicted=various
question=['consistent' 'inconsistent' 'clear' 'unclear'], predicted=acrimonious
question=['consistent' 'inconsistent' 'comfortable' 'uncomfortable'], predicted=quietly
question=['consistent' 'inconsistent' 'competitive' 'uncompetitive'], predicted=monopolistically
question=['convincing' 'unconvincing' 'convenient' 'inconvenient'], predicted=useful
question=['convincing' 'unconvincing' 'decided' 'undecided'], predicted=tried
question=['convincing' 'unconvincing' 'efficient' 'inefficient'], predicted=effective
question=['convincing' 'unconvincing' 'ethical' 'unethical'], predicted=deontology
question=['convincing' 'unconvincing' 'fortunate' 'unfortunate'], predicted=heartfelt
question=['convincing' 'unconvincing' 'honest' 'dishonest'], predicted=heartfelt
question=['convincing' 'unconvincing' 'impressive' 'unimpressive'], predicted=upturn
question=['convincing' 'unconvincing' 'informed' 'uninformed'], predicted=ricaurte
question=['convincing' 'unconvincing' 'known' 'unknown'], predicted=sometimes
question=['convincing' 'unconvincing' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=hallucination
question=['convincing' 'unconvincing' 'logical' 'illogical'], predicted=instrumentalism
question=['convincing' 'unconvincing' 'pleasant' 'unpleasant'], predicted=mild
question=['convincing' 'unconvincing' 'possible' 'impossible'], predicted=downplaying
question=['convincing' 'unconvincing' 'possibly' 'impossibly'], predicted=syncope
question=['convincing' 'unconvincing' 'productive' 'unproductive'], predicted=tedium
question=['convincing' 'unconvincing' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=irrationality
question=['convincing' 'unconvincing' 'reasonable' 'unreasonable'], predicted=maximum
question=['convincing' 'unconvincing' 'responsible' 'irresponsible'], predicted=zealotry
question=['convincing' 'unconvincing' 'sure' 'unsure'], predicted=hallucinating
question=['convincing' 'unconvincing' 'tasteful' 'distasteful'], predicted=theatrics
question=['convincing' 'unconvincing' 'acceptable' 'unacceptable'], predicted=classist
question=['convincing' 'unconvincing' 'aware' 'unaware'], predicted=hallucinating
question=['convincing' 'unconvincing' 'certain' 'uncertain'], predicted=various
question=['convincing' 'unconvincing' 'clear' 'unclear'], predicted=apparent
question=['convincing' 'unconvincing' 'comfortable' 'uncomfortable'], predicted=talkative
question=['convincing' 'unconvincing' 'competitive' 'uncompetitive'], predicted=monopolistically
question=['convenient' 'inconvenient' 'decided' 'undecided'], predicted=pressured
question=['convenient' 'inconvenient' 'efficient' 'inefficient'], predicted=computationally
question=['convenient' 'inconvenient' 'ethical' 'unethical'], predicted=ethics
question=['convenient' 'inconvenient' 'fortunate' 'unfortunate'], predicted=indignant
question=['convenient' 'inconvenient' 'honest' 'dishonest'], predicted=gracious
question=['convenient' 'inconvenient' 'impressive' 'unimpressive'], predicted=shaky
question=['convenient' 'inconvenient' 'informed' 'uninformed'], predicted=overruled
question=['convenient' 'inconvenient' 'known' 'unknown'], predicted=phan
question=['convenient' 'inconvenient' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=recklessness
question=['convenient' 'inconvenient' 'logical' 'illogical'], predicted=fallacious
question=['convenient' 'inconvenient' 'pleasant' 'unpleasant'], predicted=desolate
question=['convenient' 'inconvenient' 'possible' 'impossible'], predicted=extremely
question=['convenient' 'inconvenient' 'possibly' 'impossibly'], predicted=hobbits
question=['convenient' 'inconvenient' 'productive' 'unproductive'], predicted=economically
question=['convenient' 'inconvenient' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=intelligent
question=['convenient' 'inconvenient' 'reasonable' 'unreasonable'], predicted=warranted
question=['convenient' 'inconvenient' 'responsible' 'irresponsible'], predicted=elessar
question=['convenient' 'inconvenient' 'sure' 'unsure'], predicted=ready
question=['convenient' 'inconvenient' 'tasteful' 'distasteful'], predicted=intellects
question=['convenient' 'inconvenient' 'aware' 'unaware'], predicted=informed
question=['convenient' 'inconvenient' 'certain' 'uncertain'], predicted=sufferer
question=['convenient' 'inconvenient' 'clear' 'unclear'], predicted=unbelievable
question=['convenient' 'inconvenient' 'comfortable' 'uncomfortable'], predicted=deflated
question=['convenient' 'inconvenient' 'competitive' 'uncompetitive'], predicted=infamously
question=['convenient' 'inconvenient' 'consistent' 'inconsistent'], predicted=unconcerned
question=['convenient' 'inconvenient' 'convincing' 'unconvincing'], predicted=indignant
question=['decided' 'undecided' 'efficient' 'inefficient'], predicted=disputable
question=['decided' 'undecided' 'ethical' 'unethical'], predicted=subjectivism
question=['decided' 'undecided' 'fortunate' 'unfortunate'], predicted=disputable
question=['decided' 'undecided' 'honest' 'dishonest'], predicted=disputable
question=['decided' 'undecided' 'impressive' 'unimpressive'], predicted=remarkable
question=['decided' 'undecided' 'informed' 'uninformed'], predicted=dismissive
question=['decided' 'undecided' 'known' 'unknown'], predicted=correlating
question=['decided' 'undecided' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=disputable
question=['decided' 'undecided' 'logical' 'illogical'], predicted=fallacies
question=['decided' 'undecided' 'pleasant' 'unpleasant'], predicted=abounds
question=['decided' 'undecided' 'possible' 'impossible'], predicted=correlating
question=['decided' 'undecided' 'possibly' 'impossibly'], predicted=disputable
question=['decided' 'undecided' 'productive' 'unproductive'], predicted=correlating
question=['decided' 'undecided' 'reasonable' 'unreasonable'], predicted=disputable
question=['decided' 'undecided' 'responsible' 'irresponsible'], predicted=correlating
question=['decided' 'undecided' 'sure' 'unsure'], predicted=disputable
question=['decided' 'undecided' 'tasteful' 'distasteful'], predicted=classist
question=['decided' 'undecided' 'acceptable' 'unacceptable'], predicted=disputable
question=['decided' 'undecided' 'aware' 'unaware'], predicted=disputable
question=['decided' 'undecided' 'certain' 'uncertain'], predicted=anachronisms
question=['decided' 'undecided' 'clear' 'unclear'], predicted=disputable
question=['decided' 'undecided' 'comfortable' 'uncomfortable'], predicted=reassuring
question=['decided' 'undecided' 'competitive' 'uncompetitive'], predicted=monopolistically
question=['decided' 'undecided' 'consistent' 'inconsistent'], predicted=correlating
question=['decided' 'undecided' 'convincing' 'unconvincing'], predicted=disputable
question=['decided' 'undecided' 'convenient' 'inconvenient'], predicted=useful
question=['efficient' 'inefficient' 'ethical' 'unethical'], predicted=moral
question=['efficient' 'inefficient' 'honest' 'dishonest'], predicted=reckless
question=['efficient' 'inefficient' 'impressive' 'unimpressive'], predicted=remarkable
question=['efficient' 'inefficient' 'informed' 'uninformed'], predicted=told
question=['efficient' 'inefficient' 'known' 'unknown'], predicted=called
question=['efficient' 'inefficient' 'logical' 'illogical'], predicted=fallacies
question=['efficient' 'inefficient' 'pleasant' 'unpleasant'], predicted=mild
question=['efficient' 'inefficient' 'possible' 'impossible'], predicted=inelegant
question=['efficient' 'inefficient' 'possibly' 'impossibly'], predicted=preexisting
question=['efficient' 'inefficient' 'reasonable' 'unreasonable'], predicted=unacceptable
question=['efficient' 'inefficient' 'responsible' 'irresponsible'], predicted=blamed
question=['efficient' 'inefficient' 'sure' 'unsure'], predicted=thankful
question=['efficient' 'inefficient' 'tasteful' 'distasteful'], predicted=suspenseful
question=['efficient' 'inefficient' 'aware' 'unaware'], predicted=worried
question=['efficient' 'inefficient' 'certain' 'uncertain'], predicted=particular
question=['efficient' 'inefficient' 'clear' 'unclear'], predicted=enosis
question=['efficient' 'inefficient' 'comfortable' 'uncomfortable'], predicted=harsh
question=['efficient' 'inefficient' 'competitive' 'uncompetitive'], predicted=monopolistically
question=['efficient' 'inefficient' 'convincing' 'unconvincing'], predicted=ineptitude
question=['efficient' 'inefficient' 'convenient' 'inconvenient'], predicted=difficult
question=['efficient' 'inefficient' 'decided' 'undecided'], predicted=announced
question=['ethical' 'unethical' 'fortunate' 'unfortunate'], predicted=unlikely
question=['ethical' 'unethical' 'honest' 'dishonest'], predicted=knowingly
question=['ethical' 'unethical' 'impressive' 'unimpressive'], predicted=spectacular
question=['ethical' 'unethical' 'informed' 'uninformed'], predicted=investigated
question=['ethical' 'unethical' 'known' 'unknown'], predicted=referred
question=['ethical' 'unethical' 'logical' 'illogical'], predicted=computation
question=['ethical' 'unethical' 'pleasant' 'unpleasant'], predicted=palatable
question=['ethical' 'unethical' 'possible' 'impossible'], predicted=easier
question=['ethical' 'unethical' 'possibly' 'impossibly'], predicted=apparently
question=['ethical' 'unethical' 'productive' 'unproductive'], predicted=efficient
question=['ethical' 'unethical' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=accusatory
question=['ethical' 'unethical' 'reasonable' 'unreasonable'], predicted=unproven
question=['ethical' 'unethical' 'responsible' 'irresponsible'], predicted=blamed
question=['ethical' 'unethical' 'sure' 'unsure'], predicted=easier
question=['ethical' 'unethical' 'tasteful' 'distasteful'], predicted=cartoonish
question=['ethical' 'unethical' 'acceptable' 'unacceptable'], predicted=inappropriate
question=['ethical' 'unethical' 'certain' 'uncertain'], predicted=kickbacks
question=['ethical' 'unethical' 'clear' 'unclear'], predicted=necessary
question=['ethical' 'unethical' 'comfortable' 'uncomfortable'], predicted=safe
question=['ethical' 'unethical' 'competitive' 'uncompetitive'], predicted=tiring
question=['ethical' 'unethical' 'consistent' 'inconsistent'], predicted=repeatable
question=['ethical' 'unethical' 'convincing' 'unconvincing'], predicted=compelling
question=['ethical' 'unethical' 'convenient' 'inconvenient'], predicted=easier
question=['ethical' 'unethical' 'decided' 'undecided'], predicted=announced
question=['ethical' 'unethical' 'efficient' 'inefficient'], predicted=cheaper
question=['fortunate' 'unfortunate' 'honest' 'dishonest'], predicted=misguided
question=['fortunate' 'unfortunate' 'impressive' 'unimpressive'], predicted=upturn
question=['fortunate' 'unfortunate' 'informed' 'uninformed'], predicted=hcoj
question=['fortunate' 'unfortunate' 'known' 'unknown'], predicted=as
question=['fortunate' 'unfortunate' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=undesirable
question=['fortunate' 'unfortunate' 'logical' 'illogical'], predicted=fallacies
question=['fortunate' 'unfortunate' 'pleasant' 'unpleasant'], predicted=superficially
question=['fortunate' 'unfortunate' 'possible' 'impossible'], predicted=undesirable
question=['fortunate' 'unfortunate' 'possibly' 'impossibly'], predicted=apparently
question=['fortunate' 'unfortunate' 'productive' 'unproductive'], predicted=agriculturally
question=['fortunate' 'unfortunate' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=altruist
question=['fortunate' 'unfortunate' 'reasonable' 'unreasonable'], predicted=certain
question=['fortunate' 'unfortunate' 'responsible' 'irresponsible'], predicted=blamed
question=['fortunate' 'unfortunate' 'sure' 'unsure'], predicted=ridiculously
question=['fortunate' 'unfortunate' 'tasteful' 'distasteful'], predicted=outrageously
question=['fortunate' 'unfortunate' 'acceptable' 'unacceptable'], predicted=undesirable
question=['fortunate' 'unfortunate' 'aware' 'unaware'], predicted=inevitable
question=['fortunate' 'unfortunate' 'certain' 'uncertain'], predicted=particular
question=['fortunate' 'unfortunate' 'clear' 'unclear'], predicted=undesirable
question=['fortunate' 'unfortunate' 'comfortable' 'uncomfortable'], predicted=unpredictable
question=['fortunate' 'unfortunate' 'competitive' 'uncompetitive'], predicted=monopolistically
question=['fortunate' 'unfortunate' 'convincing' 'unconvincing'], predicted=unforeseen
question=['fortunate' 'unfortunate' 'convenient' 'inconvenient'], predicted=useful
question=['fortunate' 'unfortunate' 'decided' 'undecided'], predicted=tried
question=['fortunate' 'unfortunate' 'efficient' 'inefficient'], predicted=effective
question=['fortunate' 'unfortunate' 'ethical' 'unethical'], predicted=deontology
question=['honest' 'dishonest' 'impressive' 'unimpressive'], predicted=remarkable
question=['honest' 'dishonest' 'informed' 'uninformed'], predicted=lefkow
question=['honest' 'dishonest' 'known' 'unknown'], predicted=referred
question=['honest' 'dishonest' 'logical' 'illogical'], predicted=modus
question=['honest' 'dishonest' 'pleasant' 'unpleasant'], predicted=suspecting
question=['honest' 'dishonest' 'possibly' 'impossibly'], predicted=apparently
question=['honest' 'dishonest' 'productive' 'unproductive'], predicted=prosperous
question=['honest' 'dishonest' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=casuistic
question=['honest' 'dishonest' 'reasonable' 'unreasonable'], predicted=unproved
question=['honest' 'dishonest' 'responsible' 'irresponsible'], predicted=blamed
question=['honest' 'dishonest' 'sure' 'unsure'], predicted=hallucinating
question=['honest' 'dishonest' 'tasteful' 'distasteful'], predicted=cartoonish
question=['honest' 'dishonest' 'acceptable' 'unacceptable'], predicted=unconvinced
question=['honest' 'dishonest' 'aware' 'unaware'], predicted=hallucinating
question=['honest' 'dishonest' 'certain' 'uncertain'], predicted=those
question=['honest' 'dishonest' 'clear' 'unclear'], predicted=unconvinced
question=['honest' 'dishonest' 'comfortable' 'uncomfortable'], predicted=dwellers
question=['honest' 'dishonest' 'competitive' 'uncompetitive'], predicted=monopolistically
question=['honest' 'dishonest' 'consistent' 'inconsistent'], predicted=provability
question=['honest' 'dishonest' 'convincing' 'unconvincing'], predicted=compelling
question=['honest' 'dishonest' 'convenient' 'inconvenient'], predicted=useful
question=['honest' 'dishonest' 'decided' 'undecided'], predicted=tried
question=['honest' 'dishonest' 'efficient' 'inefficient'], predicted=efficiently
question=['honest' 'dishonest' 'ethical' 'unethical'], predicted=cognitivism
question=['honest' 'dishonest' 'fortunate' 'unfortunate'], predicted=burckhardt
question=['impressive' 'unimpressive' 'informed' 'uninformed'], predicted=mutinied
question=['impressive' 'unimpressive' 'known' 'unknown'], predicted=referred
question=['impressive' 'unimpressive' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=probably
question=['impressive' 'unimpressive' 'logical' 'illogical'], predicted=fallacious
question=['impressive' 'unimpressive' 'pleasant' 'unpleasant'], predicted=parched
question=['impressive' 'unimpressive' 'possible' 'impossible'], predicted=difficult
question=['impressive' 'unimpressive' 'possibly' 'impossibly'], predicted=elamites
question=['impressive' 'unimpressive' 'productive' 'unproductive'], predicted=parched
question=['impressive' 'unimpressive' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=propertyless
question=['impressive' 'unimpressive' 'reasonable' 'unreasonable'], predicted=recalcitrant
question=['impressive' 'unimpressive' 'responsible' 'irresponsible'], predicted=blamed
question=['impressive' 'unimpressive' 'sure' 'unsure'], predicted=defenceless
question=['impressive' 'unimpressive' 'tasteful' 'distasteful'], predicted=inquisitive
question=['impressive' 'unimpressive' 'acceptable' 'unacceptable'], predicted=subjugate
question=['impressive' 'unimpressive' 'aware' 'unaware'], predicted=realized
question=['impressive' 'unimpressive' 'certain' 'uncertain'], predicted=particular
question=['impressive' 'unimpressive' 'clear' 'unclear'], predicted=indefensible
question=['impressive' 'unimpressive' 'comfortable' 'uncomfortable'], predicted=secluded
question=['impressive' 'unimpressive' 'competitive' 'uncompetitive'], predicted=subjugate
question=['impressive' 'unimpressive' 'consistent' 'inconsistent'], predicted=parsimonious
question=['impressive' 'unimpressive' 'convincing' 'unconvincing'], predicted=compelled
question=['impressive' 'unimpressive' 'convenient' 'inconvenient'], predicted=messana
question=['impressive' 'unimpressive' 'decided' 'undecided'], predicted=forced
question=['impressive' 'unimpressive' 'efficient' 'inefficient'], predicted=expensive
question=['impressive' 'unimpressive' 'ethical' 'unethical'], predicted=ethics
question=['impressive' 'unimpressive' 'fortunate' 'unfortunate'], predicted=defenceless
question=['impressive' 'unimpressive' 'honest' 'dishonest'], predicted=mutinied
question=['informed' 'uninformed' 'known' 'unknown'], predicted=well
question=['informed' 'uninformed' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=commonly
question=['informed' 'uninformed' 'logical' 'illogical'], predicted=minimalistic
question=['informed' 'uninformed' 'pleasant' 'unpleasant'], predicted=monopolistically
question=['informed' 'uninformed' 'possible' 'impossible'], predicted=inelegant
question=['informed' 'uninformed' 'possibly' 'impossibly'], predicted=onomatopoeia
question=['informed' 'uninformed' 'productive' 'unproductive'], predicted=feedstocks
question=['informed' 'uninformed' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=inelegant
question=['informed' 'uninformed' 'reasonable' 'unreasonable'], predicted=inelegant
question=['informed' 'uninformed' 'responsible' 'irresponsible'], predicted=useful
question=['informed' 'uninformed' 'sure' 'unsure'], predicted=inelegant
question=['informed' 'uninformed' 'tasteful' 'distasteful'], predicted=gooey
question=['informed' 'uninformed' 'acceptable' 'unacceptable'], predicted=disputable
question=['informed' 'uninformed' 'aware' 'unaware'], predicted=inelegant
question=['informed' 'uninformed' 'certain' 'uncertain'], predicted=monopolistically
question=['informed' 'uninformed' 'clear' 'unclear'], predicted=inelegant
question=['informed' 'uninformed' 'comfortable' 'uncomfortable'], predicted=minimalistic
question=['informed' 'uninformed' 'competitive' 'uncompetitive'], predicted=monopolistically
question=['informed' 'uninformed' 'consistent' 'inconsistent'], predicted=sameness
question=['informed' 'uninformed' 'convincing' 'unconvincing'], predicted=inelegant
question=['informed' 'uninformed' 'convenient' 'inconvenient'], predicted=useful
question=['informed' 'uninformed' 'decided' 'undecided'], predicted=inelegant
question=['informed' 'uninformed' 'efficient' 'inefficient'], predicted=inelegant
question=['informed' 'uninformed' 'ethical' 'unethical'], predicted=subjectivism
question=['informed' 'uninformed' 'fortunate' 'unfortunate'], predicted=inelegant
question=['informed' 'uninformed' 'honest' 'dishonest'], predicted=inelegant
question=['informed' 'uninformed' 'impressive' 'unimpressive'], predicted=sluggish
question=['known' 'unknown' 'logical' 'illogical'], predicted=disproof
question=['known' 'unknown' 'pleasant' 'unpleasant'], predicted=unpleasantly
question=['known' 'unknown' 'possible' 'impossible'], predicted=unclear
question=['known' 'unknown' 'possibly' 'impossibly'], predicted=apparently
question=['known' 'unknown' 'productive' 'unproductive'], predicted=inconceivable
question=['known' 'unknown' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=inconceivable
question=['known' 'unknown' 'reasonable' 'unreasonable'], predicted=undisclosed
question=['known' 'unknown' 'responsible' 'irresponsible'], predicted=unaccounted
question=['known' 'unknown' 'sure' 'unsure'], predicted=inconceivable
question=['known' 'unknown' 'tasteful' 'distasteful'], predicted=genial
question=['known' 'unknown' 'acceptable' 'unacceptable'], predicted=undisclosed
question=['known' 'unknown' 'certain' 'uncertain'], predicted=exact
question=['known' 'unknown' 'comfortable' 'uncomfortable'], predicted=unharmed
question=['known' 'unknown' 'competitive' 'uncompetitive'], predicted=inconceivable
question=['known' 'unknown' 'consistent' 'inconsistent'], predicted=plausible
question=['known' 'unknown' 'convincing' 'unconvincing'], predicted=plausible
question=['known' 'unknown' 'convenient' 'inconvenient'], predicted=precise
question=['known' 'unknown' 'decided' 'undecided'], predicted=chose
question=['known' 'unknown' 'efficient' 'inefficient'], predicted=accurate
question=['known' 'unknown' 'ethical' 'unethical'], predicted=moral
question=['known' 'unknown' 'fortunate' 'unfortunate'], predicted=unharmed
question=['known' 'unknown' 'honest' 'dishonest'], predicted=inconceivable
question=['known' 'unknown' 'impressive' 'unimpressive'], predicted=undisclosed
question=['known' 'unknown' 'informed' 'uninformed'], predicted=undisclosed
question=['likely' 'unlikely' 'logical' 'illogical'], predicted=logic
question=['likely' 'unlikely' 'pleasant' 'unpleasant'], predicted=unpleasantly
question=['likely' 'unlikely' 'possibly' 'impossibly'], predicted=atil
question=['likely' 'unlikely' 'productive' 'unproductive'], predicted=aldershot
question=['likely' 'unlikely' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=actualization
question=['likely' 'unlikely' 'reasonable' 'unreasonable'], predicted=impossible
question=['likely' 'unlikely' 'responsible' 'irresponsible'], predicted=blamed
question=['likely' 'unlikely' 'sure' 'unsure'], predicted=seaworthy
question=['likely' 'unlikely' 'tasteful' 'distasteful'], predicted=nutty
question=['likely' 'unlikely' 'aware' 'unaware'], predicted=realized
question=['likely' 'unlikely' 'certain' 'uncertain'], predicted=particular
question=['likely' 'unlikely' 'clear' 'unclear'], predicted=impossible
question=['likely' 'unlikely' 'comfortable' 'uncomfortable'], predicted=safe
question=['likely' 'unlikely' 'competitive' 'uncompetitive'], predicted=monopolistically
question=['likely' 'unlikely' 'consistent' 'inconsistent'], predicted=repeatable
question=['likely' 'unlikely' 'convincing' 'unconvincing'], predicted=compelling
question=['likely' 'unlikely' 'convenient' 'inconvenient'], predicted=easy
question=['likely' 'unlikely' 'decided' 'undecided'], predicted=refused
question=['likely' 'unlikely' 'ethical' 'unethical'], predicted=moral
question=['likely' 'unlikely' 'fortunate' 'unfortunate'], predicted=remarkable
question=['likely' 'unlikely' 'honest' 'dishonest'], predicted=natured
question=['likely' 'unlikely' 'impressive' 'unimpressive'], predicted=remarkable
question=['likely' 'unlikely' 'informed' 'uninformed'], predicted=told
question=['likely' 'unlikely' 'known' 'unknown'], predicted=called
question=['logical' 'illogical' 'pleasant' 'unpleasant'], predicted=miserly
question=['logical' 'illogical' 'possibly' 'impossibly'], predicted=foolhardy
question=['logical' 'illogical' 'productive' 'unproductive'], predicted=debilitated
question=['logical' 'illogical' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=untainted
question=['logical' 'illogical' 'reasonable' 'unreasonable'], predicted=bereft
question=['logical' 'illogical' 'responsible' 'irresponsible'], predicted=dissuaded
question=['logical' 'illogical' 'sure' 'unsure'], predicted=hesitated
question=['logical' 'illogical' 'tasteful' 'distasteful'], predicted=untainted
question=['logical' 'illogical' 'acceptable' 'unacceptable'], predicted=dissuaded
question=['logical' 'illogical' 'aware' 'unaware'], predicted=convinced
question=['logical' 'illogical' 'certain' 'uncertain'], predicted=unsanitary
question=['logical' 'illogical' 'clear' 'unclear'], predicted=despaired
question=['logical' 'illogical' 'comfortable' 'uncomfortable'], predicted=apathetic
question=['logical' 'illogical' 'competitive' 'uncompetitive'], predicted=marginalised
question=['logical' 'illogical' 'consistent' 'inconsistent'], predicted=bereft
question=['logical' 'illogical' 'convincing' 'unconvincing'], predicted=dissuaded
question=['logical' 'illogical' 'convenient' 'inconvenient'], predicted=easier
question=['logical' 'illogical' 'decided' 'undecided'], predicted=forced
question=['logical' 'illogical' 'efficient' 'inefficient'], predicted=buoyant
question=['logical' 'illogical' 'ethical' 'unethical'], predicted=ungodly
question=['logical' 'illogical' 'fortunate' 'unfortunate'], predicted=bhagiratha
question=['logical' 'illogical' 'honest' 'dishonest'], predicted=miserly
question=['logical' 'illogical' 'impressive' 'unimpressive'], predicted=formidable
question=['logical' 'illogical' 'informed' 'uninformed'], predicted=dissuaded
question=['logical' 'illogical' 'known' 'unknown'], predicted=believed
question=['pleasant' 'unpleasant' 'possible' 'impossible'], predicted=necessary
question=['pleasant' 'unpleasant' 'possibly' 'impossibly'], predicted=mycobacteria
question=['pleasant' 'unpleasant' 'productive' 'unproductive'], predicted=moribund
question=['pleasant' 'unpleasant' 'reasonable' 'unreasonable'], predicted=effective
question=['pleasant' 'unpleasant' 'responsible' 'irresponsible'], predicted=blamed
question=['pleasant' 'unpleasant' 'sure' 'unsure'], predicted=hallucinating
question=['pleasant' 'unpleasant' 'tasteful' 'distasteful'], predicted=overpowering
question=['pleasant' 'unpleasant' 'acceptable' 'unacceptable'], predicted=appropriate
question=['pleasant' 'unpleasant' 'aware' 'unaware'], predicted=hallucinating
question=['pleasant' 'unpleasant' 'certain' 'uncertain'], predicted=anticoagulant
question=['pleasant' 'unpleasant' 'clear' 'unclear'], predicted=sedating
question=['pleasant' 'unpleasant' 'comfortable' 'uncomfortable'], predicted=byword
question=['pleasant' 'unpleasant' 'competitive' 'uncompetitive'], predicted=amnesic
question=['pleasant' 'unpleasant' 'convincing' 'unconvincing'], predicted=ineptitude
question=['pleasant' 'unpleasant' 'convenient' 'inconvenient'], predicted=useful
question=['pleasant' 'unpleasant' 'decided' 'undecided'], predicted=tried
question=['pleasant' 'unpleasant' 'efficient' 'inefficient'], predicted=effective
question=['pleasant' 'unpleasant' 'ethical' 'unethical'], predicted=unjustifiable
question=['pleasant' 'unpleasant' 'honest' 'dishonest'], predicted=amoral
question=['pleasant' 'unpleasant' 'impressive' 'unimpressive'], predicted=eyesore
question=['pleasant' 'unpleasant' 'informed' 'uninformed'], predicted=rebuffed
question=['pleasant' 'unpleasant' 'known' 'unknown'], predicted=byword
question=['pleasant' 'unpleasant' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=anticoagulant
question=['pleasant' 'unpleasant' 'logical' 'illogical'], predicted=fallacies
question=['possible' 'impossible' 'possibly' 'impossibly'], predicted=lampsacus
question=['possible' 'impossible' 'productive' 'unproductive'], predicted=valuable
question=['possible' 'impossible' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=actualization
question=['possible' 'impossible' 'reasonable' 'unreasonable'], predicted=compelling
question=['possible' 'impossible' 'responsible' 'irresponsible'], predicted=blamed
question=['possible' 'impossible' 'sure' 'unsure'], predicted=ready
question=['possible' 'impossible' 'tasteful' 'distasteful'], predicted=inquisitive
question=['possible' 'impossible' 'acceptable' 'unacceptable'], predicted=ethically
question=['possible' 'impossible' 'certain' 'uncertain'], predicted=rightsholder
question=['possible' 'impossible' 'clear' 'unclear'], predicted=sure
question=['possible' 'impossible' 'comfortable' 'uncomfortable'], predicted=unspectacular
question=['possible' 'impossible' 'competitive' 'uncompetitive'], predicted=acrobatic
question=['possible' 'impossible' 'consistent' 'inconsistent'], predicted=unconcerned
question=['possible' 'impossible' 'convincing' 'unconvincing'], predicted=compelling
question=['possible' 'impossible' 'convenient' 'inconvenient'], predicted=difficult
question=['possible' 'impossible' 'decided' 'undecided'], predicted=wanted
question=['possible' 'impossible' 'efficient' 'inefficient'], predicted=expensive
question=['possible' 'impossible' 'ethical' 'unethical'], predicted=ethics
question=['possible' 'impossible' 'fortunate' 'unfortunate'], predicted=dares
question=['possible' 'impossible' 'honest' 'dishonest'], predicted=indefatigable
question=['possible' 'impossible' 'impressive' 'unimpressive'], predicted=remarkable
question=['possible' 'impossible' 'informed' 'uninformed'], predicted=ordered
question=['possible' 'impossible' 'known' 'unknown'], predicted=called
question=['possible' 'impossible' 'logical' 'illogical'], predicted=logic
question=['possible' 'impossible' 'pleasant' 'unpleasant'], predicted=genteel
question=['possibly' 'impossibly' 'productive' 'unproductive'], predicted=revolutionize
question=['possibly' 'impossibly' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=justification
question=['possibly' 'impossibly' 'reasonable' 'unreasonable'], predicted=minimization
question=['possibly' 'impossibly' 'responsible' 'irresponsible'], predicted=unhelpful
question=['possibly' 'impossibly' 'sure' 'unsure'], predicted=slowness
question=['possibly' 'impossibly' 'tasteful' 'distasteful'], predicted=complimented
question=['possibly' 'impossibly' 'acceptable' 'unacceptable'], predicted=revolutionize
question=['possibly' 'impossibly' 'certain' 'uncertain'], predicted=deconstructionist
question=['possibly' 'impossibly' 'clear' 'unclear'], predicted=pointedly
question=['possibly' 'impossibly' 'comfortable' 'uncomfortable'], predicted=maximized
question=['possibly' 'impossibly' 'competitive' 'uncompetitive'], predicted=monopolistically
question=['possibly' 'impossibly' 'consistent' 'inconsistent'], predicted=corpuscular
question=['possibly' 'impossibly' 'convincing' 'unconvincing'], predicted=unhelpful
question=['possibly' 'impossibly' 'convenient' 'inconvenient'], predicted=useful
question=['possibly' 'impossibly' 'decided' 'undecided'], predicted=agreed
question=['possibly' 'impossibly' 'efficient' 'inefficient'], predicted=revolutionize
question=['possibly' 'impossibly' 'ethical' 'unethical'], predicted=justification
question=['possibly' 'impossibly' 'fortunate' 'unfortunate'], predicted=evinced
question=['possibly' 'impossibly' 'honest' 'dishonest'], predicted=evinced
question=['possibly' 'impossibly' 'impressive' 'unimpressive'], predicted=powerhouse
question=['possibly' 'impossibly' 'informed' 'uninformed'], predicted=proactive
question=['possibly' 'impossibly' 'known' 'unknown'], predicted=most
question=['possibly' 'impossibly' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=efficient
question=['possibly' 'impossibly' 'logical' 'illogical'], predicted=instrumentalism
question=['possibly' 'impossibly' 'pleasant' 'unpleasant'], predicted=bustling
question=['possibly' 'impossibly' 'possible' 'impossible'], predicted=complicates
question=['productive' 'unproductive' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=supernaturalism
question=['productive' 'unproductive' 'reasonable' 'unreasonable'], predicted=rebut
question=['productive' 'unproductive' 'responsible' 'irresponsible'], predicted=concerned
question=['productive' 'unproductive' 'sure' 'unsure'], predicted=ridiculously
question=['productive' 'unproductive' 'tasteful' 'distasteful'], predicted=inquisitive
question=['productive' 'unproductive' 'acceptable' 'unacceptable'], predicted=permissible
question=['productive' 'unproductive' 'aware' 'unaware'], predicted=explained
question=['productive' 'unproductive' 'certain' 'uncertain'], predicted=those
question=['productive' 'unproductive' 'clear' 'unclear'], predicted=fact
question=['productive' 'unproductive' 'comfortable' 'uncomfortable'], predicted=inquisitive
question=['productive' 'unproductive' 'competitive' 'uncompetitive'], predicted=monopolistically
question=['productive' 'unproductive' 'convincing' 'unconvincing'], predicted=skeptical
question=['productive' 'unproductive' 'convenient' 'inconvenient'], predicted=easy
question=['productive' 'unproductive' 'decided' 'undecided'], predicted=tried
question=['productive' 'unproductive' 'efficient' 'inefficient'], predicted=computationally
question=['productive' 'unproductive' 'ethical' 'unethical'], predicted=ethics
question=['productive' 'unproductive' 'fortunate' 'unfortunate'], predicted=defenceless
question=['productive' 'unproductive' 'honest' 'dishonest'], predicted=truthful
question=['productive' 'unproductive' 'impressive' 'unimpressive'], predicted=unsightly
question=['productive' 'unproductive' 'informed' 'uninformed'], predicted=rebut
question=['productive' 'unproductive' 'known' 'unknown'], predicted=called
question=['productive' 'unproductive' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=incorrect
question=['productive' 'unproductive' 'logical' 'illogical'], predicted=supernaturalism
question=['productive' 'unproductive' 'pleasant' 'unpleasant'], predicted=unsightly
question=['productive' 'unproductive' 'possible' 'impossible'], predicted=necessary
question=['productive' 'unproductive' 'possibly' 'impossibly'], predicted=apparently
question=['rational' 'irrational' 'reasonable' 'unreasonable'], predicted=monohull
question=['rational' 'irrational' 'responsible' 'irresponsible'], predicted=blamed
question=['rational' 'irrational' 'sure' 'unsure'], predicted=wont
question=['rational' 'irrational' 'tasteful' 'distasteful'], predicted=mustache
question=['rational' 'irrational' 'aware' 'unaware'], predicted=realized
question=['rational' 'irrational' 'certain' 'uncertain'], predicted=schizophrenics
question=['rational' 'irrational' 'clear' 'unclear'], predicted=visible
question=['rational' 'irrational' 'comfortable' 'uncomfortable'], predicted=mustache
question=['rational' 'irrational' 'competitive' 'uncompetitive'], predicted=monopolistically
question=['rational' 'irrational' 'convincing' 'unconvincing'], predicted=sketchy
question=['rational' 'irrational' 'convenient' 'inconvenient'], predicted=useful
question=['rational' 'irrational' 'decided' 'undecided'], predicted=refused
question=['rational' 'irrational' 'efficient' 'inefficient'], predicted=expensive
question=['rational' 'irrational' 'ethical' 'unethical'], predicted=ethics
question=['rational' 'irrational' 'fortunate' 'unfortunate'], predicted=companionship
question=['rational' 'irrational' 'honest' 'dishonest'], predicted=nabal
question=['rational' 'irrational' 'impressive' 'unimpressive'], predicted=propylaea
question=['rational' 'irrational' 'informed' 'uninformed'], predicted=told
question=['rational' 'irrational' 'known' 'unknown'], predicted=referred
question=['rational' 'irrational' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=probably
question=['rational' 'irrational' 'logical' 'illogical'], predicted=fallacies
question=['rational' 'irrational' 'pleasant' 'unpleasant'], predicted=bidos
question=['rational' 'irrational' 'possible' 'impossible'], predicted=micrometers
question=['rational' 'irrational' 'possibly' 'impossibly'], predicted=probably
question=['rational' 'irrational' 'productive' 'unproductive'], predicted=shrank
question=['reasonable' 'unreasonable' 'responsible' 'irresponsible'], predicted=criticized
question=['reasonable' 'unreasonable' 'sure' 'unsure'], predicted=think
question=['reasonable' 'unreasonable' 'tasteful' 'distasteful'], predicted=cuteness
question=['reasonable' 'unreasonable' 'acceptable' 'unacceptable'], predicted=condone
question=['reasonable' 'unreasonable' 'aware' 'unaware'], predicted=realized
question=['reasonable' 'unreasonable' 'certain' 'uncertain'], predicted=creel
question=['reasonable' 'unreasonable' 'clear' 'unclear'], predicted=patently
question=['reasonable' 'unreasonable' 'comfortable' 'uncomfortable'], predicted=boughs
question=['reasonable' 'unreasonable' 'competitive' 'uncompetitive'], predicted=netball
question=['reasonable' 'unreasonable' 'convincing' 'unconvincing'], predicted=verhoeven
question=['reasonable' 'unreasonable' 'convenient' 'inconvenient'], predicted=advisable
question=['reasonable' 'unreasonable' 'decided' 'undecided'], predicted=persuaded
question=['reasonable' 'unreasonable' 'efficient' 'inefficient'], predicted=profitably
question=['reasonable' 'unreasonable' 'ethical' 'unethical'], predicted=ethics
question=['reasonable' 'unreasonable' 'fortunate' 'unfortunate'], predicted=maecenas
question=['reasonable' 'unreasonable' 'honest' 'dishonest'], predicted=commend
question=['reasonable' 'unreasonable' 'impressive' 'unimpressive'], predicted=powerhouse
question=['reasonable' 'unreasonable' 'informed' 'uninformed'], predicted=ordered
question=['reasonable' 'unreasonable' 'known' 'unknown'], predicted=called
question=['reasonable' 'unreasonable' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=certainly
question=['reasonable' 'unreasonable' 'logical' 'illogical'], predicted=fallacies
question=['reasonable' 'unreasonable' 'pleasant' 'unpleasant'], predicted=gilligan
question=['reasonable' 'unreasonable' 'possibly' 'impossibly'], predicted=apparently
question=['reasonable' 'unreasonable' 'productive' 'unproductive'], predicted=agriculturally
question=['reasonable' 'unreasonable' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=solipsism
question=['responsible' 'irresponsible' 'sure' 'unsure'], predicted=hallucinating
question=['responsible' 'irresponsible' 'tasteful' 'distasteful'], predicted=inquisitive
question=['responsible' 'irresponsible' 'acceptable' 'unacceptable'], predicted=classist
question=['responsible' 'irresponsible' 'aware' 'unaware'], predicted=hallucinating
question=['responsible' 'irresponsible' 'certain' 'uncertain'], predicted=classist
question=['responsible' 'irresponsible' 'clear' 'unclear'], predicted=hallucinating
question=['responsible' 'irresponsible' 'comfortable' 'uncomfortable'], predicted=talkative
question=['responsible' 'irresponsible' 'competitive' 'uncompetitive'], predicted=oppositional
question=['responsible' 'irresponsible' 'convenient' 'inconvenient'], predicted=tractable
question=['responsible' 'irresponsible' 'decided' 'undecided'], predicted=quip
question=['responsible' 'irresponsible' 'efficient' 'inefficient'], predicted=tractable
question=['responsible' 'irresponsible' 'ethical' 'unethical'], predicted=ethics
question=['responsible' 'irresponsible' 'fortunate' 'unfortunate'], predicted=dares
question=['responsible' 'irresponsible' 'honest' 'dishonest'], predicted=spiteful
question=['responsible' 'irresponsible' 'impressive' 'unimpressive'], predicted=withered
question=['responsible' 'irresponsible' 'informed' 'uninformed'], predicted=coldly
question=['responsible' 'irresponsible' 'known' 'unknown'], predicted=derisive
question=['responsible' 'irresponsible' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=spiteful
question=['responsible' 'irresponsible' 'logical' 'illogical'], predicted=fallacies
question=['responsible' 'irresponsible' 'pleasant' 'unpleasant'], predicted=unsympathetic
question=['responsible' 'irresponsible' 'possible' 'impossible'], predicted=inelegant
question=['responsible' 'irresponsible' 'possibly' 'impossibly'], predicted=spiteful
question=['responsible' 'irresponsible' 'productive' 'unproductive'], predicted=financially
question=['responsible' 'irresponsible' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=egoist
question=['responsible' 'irresponsible' 'reasonable' 'unreasonable'], predicted=unconvincing
question=['sure' 'unsure' 'tasteful' 'distasteful'], predicted=monody
question=['sure' 'unsure' 'acceptable' 'unacceptable'], predicted=unclear
question=['sure' 'unsure' 'aware' 'unaware'], predicted=intrigued
question=['sure' 'unsure' 'certain' 'uncertain'], predicted=various
question=['sure' 'unsure' 'comfortable' 'uncomfortable'], predicted=pcs
question=['sure' 'unsure' 'competitive' 'uncompetitive'], predicted=monopolistically
question=['sure' 'unsure' 'consistent' 'inconsistent'], predicted=reexamination
question=['sure' 'unsure' 'convincing' 'unconvincing'], predicted=speculate
question=['sure' 'unsure' 'convenient' 'inconvenient'], predicted=extremal
question=['sure' 'unsure' 'decided' 'undecided'], predicted=rejoined
question=['sure' 'unsure' 'efficient' 'inefficient'], predicted=computationally
question=['sure' 'unsure' 'ethical' 'unethical'], predicted=ethics
question=['sure' 'unsure' 'fortunate' 'unfortunate'], predicted=annabella
question=['sure' 'unsure' 'honest' 'dishonest'], predicted=unselfish
question=['sure' 'unsure' 'impressive' 'unimpressive'], predicted=amassed
question=['sure' 'unsure' 'informed' 'uninformed'], predicted=questioning
question=['sure' 'unsure' 'known' 'unknown'], predicted=naihanchi
question=['sure' 'unsure' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=unclear
question=['sure' 'unsure' 'logical' 'illogical'], predicted=instrumentalism
question=['sure' 'unsure' 'pleasant' 'unpleasant'], predicted=genteel
question=['sure' 'unsure' 'possible' 'impossible'], predicted=unclear
question=['sure' 'unsure' 'possibly' 'impossibly'], predicted=aryana
question=['sure' 'unsure' 'productive' 'unproductive'], predicted=hotly
question=['sure' 'unsure' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=altruist
question=['sure' 'unsure' 'reasonable' 'unreasonable'], predicted=hotly
question=['sure' 'unsure' 'responsible' 'irresponsible'], predicted=blamed
question=['tasteful' 'distasteful' 'acceptable' 'unacceptable'], predicted=hallucinating
question=['tasteful' 'distasteful' 'aware' 'unaware'], predicted=hallucinating
question=['tasteful' 'distasteful' 'certain' 'uncertain'], predicted=validly
question=['tasteful' 'distasteful' 'clear' 'unclear'], predicted=hallucinating
question=['tasteful' 'distasteful' 'comfortable' 'uncomfortable'], predicted=pirithous
question=['tasteful' 'distasteful' 'competitive' 'uncompetitive'], predicted=recoup
question=['tasteful' 'distasteful' 'consistent' 'inconsistent'], predicted=verifiable
question=['tasteful' 'distasteful' 'convincing' 'unconvincing'], predicted=doubted
question=['tasteful' 'distasteful' 'convenient' 'inconvenient'], predicted=difficult
question=['tasteful' 'distasteful' 'decided' 'undecided'], predicted=persuaded
question=['tasteful' 'distasteful' 'efficient' 'inefficient'], predicted=recoup
question=['tasteful' 'distasteful' 'ethical' 'unethical'], predicted=uncritically
question=['tasteful' 'distasteful' 'fortunate' 'unfortunate'], predicted=pirithous
question=['tasteful' 'distasteful' 'honest' 'dishonest'], predicted=resentful
question=['tasteful' 'distasteful' 'impressive' 'unimpressive'], predicted=recoup
question=['tasteful' 'distasteful' 'informed' 'uninformed'], predicted=disbelieved
question=['tasteful' 'distasteful' 'known' 'unknown'], predicted=doubted
question=['tasteful' 'distasteful' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=probable
question=['tasteful' 'distasteful' 'logical' 'illogical'], predicted=naturals
question=['tasteful' 'distasteful' 'pleasant' 'unpleasant'], predicted=recoup
question=['tasteful' 'distasteful' 'possible' 'impossible'], predicted=difficult
question=['tasteful' 'distasteful' 'possibly' 'impossibly'], predicted=apparently
question=['tasteful' 'distasteful' 'productive' 'unproductive'], predicted=recoup
question=['tasteful' 'distasteful' 'reasonable' 'unreasonable'], predicted=debtor
question=['tasteful' 'distasteful' 'responsible' 'irresponsible'], predicted=prosecuted
question=['tasteful' 'distasteful' 'sure' 'unsure'], predicted=hallucinating
question=['bad' 'worse' 'cold' 'colder'], predicted=warm
question=['bad' 'worse' 'cool' 'cooler'], predicted=warm
question=['bad' 'worse' 'deep' 'deeper'], predicted=redshifted
question=['bad' 'worse' 'great' 'greater'], predicted=considerable
question=['bad' 'worse' 'heavy' 'heavier'], predicted=lighter
question=['bad' 'worse' 'hot' 'hotter'], predicted=cooler
question=['bad' 'worse' 'low' 'lower'], predicted=higher
question=['bad' 'worse' 'new' 'newer'], predicted=more
question=['bad' 'worse' 'safe' 'safer'], predicted=unsafe
question=['bad' 'worse' 'sharp' 'sharper'], predicted=stronger
question=['bad' 'worse' 'smart' 'smarter'], predicted=cheaper
question=['bad' 'worse' 'tight' 'tighter'], predicted=harder
question=['bad' 'worse' 'tough' 'tougher'], predicted=solicitous
question=['bad' 'worse' 'weak' 'weaker'], predicted=stronger
question=['big' 'bigger' 'cold' 'colder'], predicted=warm
question=['big' 'bigger' 'cool' 'cooler'], predicted=warm
question=['big' 'bigger' 'good' 'better'], predicted=worse
question=['big' 'bigger' 'heavy' 'heavier'], predicted=stronger
question=['big' 'bigger' 'hot' 'hotter'], predicted=cooler
question=['big' 'bigger' 'low' 'lower'], predicted=higher
question=['big' 'bigger' 'new' 'newer'], predicted=more
question=['big' 'bigger' 'old' 'older'], predicted=taller
question=['big' 'bigger' 'quick' 'quicker'], predicted=trickier
question=['big' 'bigger' 'sharp' 'sharper'], predicted=stronger
question=['big' 'bigger' 'slow' 'slower'], predicted=faster
question=['big' 'bigger' 'small' 'smaller'], predicted=larger
question=['big' 'bigger' 'smart' 'smarter'], predicted=fabricate
question=['big' 'bigger' 'tight' 'tighter'], predicted=stronger
question=['big' 'bigger' 'warm' 'warmer'], predicted=colder
question=['big' 'bigger' 'weak' 'weaker'], predicted=stronger
question=['big' 'bigger' 'young' 'younger'], predicted=adult
question=['bright' 'brighter' 'cold' 'colder'], predicted=particulary
question=['bright' 'brighter' 'great' 'greater'], predicted=immense
question=['bright' 'brighter' 'hard' 'harder'], predicted=disk
question=['bright' 'brighter' 'hot' 'hotter'], predicted=cooler
question=['bright' 'brighter' 'loud' 'louder'], predicted=squeaking
question=['bright' 'brighter' 'new' 'newer'], predicted=more
question=['bright' 'brighter' 'quick' 'quicker'], predicted=installer
question=['bright' 'brighter' 'safe' 'safer'], predicted=faster
question=['bright' 'brighter' 'sharp' 'sharper'], predicted=tuned
question=['bright' 'brighter' 'smart' 'smarter'], predicted=spi
question=['bright' 'brighter' 'tight' 'tighter'], predicted=buttstock
question=['bright' 'brighter' 'tough' 'tougher'], predicted=less
question=['bright' 'brighter' 'weak' 'weaker'], predicted=stronger
question=['bright' 'brighter' 'young' 'younger'], predicted=children
question=['bright' 'brighter' 'bad' 'worse'], predicted=godesberg
question=['cheap' 'cheaper' 'cold' 'colder'], predicted=warmer
question=['cheap' 'cheaper' 'cool' 'cooler'], predicted=warmer
question=['cheap' 'cheaper' 'good' 'better'], predicted=worse
question=['cheap' 'cheaper' 'heavy' 'heavier'], predicted=lighter
question=['cheap' 'cheaper' 'hot' 'hotter'], predicted=warmer
question=['cheap' 'cheaper' 'long' 'longer'], predicted=shorter
question=['cheap' 'cheaper' 'loud' 'louder'], predicted=stronger
question=['cheap' 'cheaper' 'low' 'lower'], predicted=higher
question=['cheap' 'cheaper' 'new' 'newer'], predicted=more
question=['cheap' 'cheaper' 'quick' 'quicker'], predicted=faster
question=['cheap' 'cheaper' 'safe' 'safer'], predicted=faster
question=['cheap' 'cheaper' 'sharp' 'sharper'], predicted=stronger
question=['cheap' 'cheaper' 'slow' 'slower'], predicted=faster
question=['cheap' 'cheaper' 'small' 'smaller'], predicted=larger
question=['cheap' 'cheaper' 'smart' 'smarter'], predicted=faster
question=['cheap' 'cheaper' 'tight' 'tighter'], predicted=stronger
question=['cheap' 'cheaper' 'tough' 'tougher'], predicted=stronger
question=['cheap' 'cheaper' 'weak' 'weaker'], predicted=stronger
question=['cheap' 'cheaper' 'young' 'younger'], predicted=obito
question=['cheap' 'cheaper' 'big' 'bigger'], predicted=larger
question=['cold' 'colder' 'cool' 'cooler'], predicted=warmer
question=['cold' 'colder' 'deep' 'deeper'], predicted=uplift
question=['cold' 'colder' 'good' 'better'], predicted=livelier
question=['cold' 'colder' 'great' 'greater'], predicted=considerable
question=['cold' 'colder' 'heavy' 'heavier'], predicted=lighter
question=['cold' 'colder' 'hot' 'hotter'], predicted=warmer
question=['cold' 'colder' 'loud' 'louder'], predicted=percussive
question=['cold' 'colder' 'new' 'newer'], predicted=more
question=['cold' 'colder' 'quick' 'quicker'], predicted=livelier
question=['cold' 'colder' 'safe' 'safer'], predicted=easier
question=['cold' 'colder' 'sharp' 'sharper'], predicted=enharmonic
question=['cold' 'colder' 'smart' 'smarter'], predicted=eighths
question=['cold' 'colder' 'tight' 'tighter'], predicted=straighter
question=['cold' 'colder' 'tough' 'tougher'], predicted=less
question=['cold' 'colder' 'weak' 'weaker'], predicted=stronger
question=['cold' 'colder' 'bad' 'worse'], predicted=nahua
question=['cold' 'colder' 'big' 'bigger'], predicted=tano
question=['cool' 'cooler' 'deep' 'deeper'], predicted=abyssal
question=['cool' 'cooler' 'good' 'better'], predicted=bad
question=['cool' 'cooler' 'great' 'greater'], predicted=tremendous
question=['cool' 'cooler' 'heavy' 'heavier'], predicted=lighter
question=['cool' 'cooler' 'high' 'higher'], predicted=low
question=['cool' 'cooler' 'hot' 'hotter'], predicted=drier
question=['cool' 'cooler' 'large' 'larger'], predicted=small
question=['cool' 'cooler' 'long' 'longer'], predicted=short
question=['cool' 'cooler' 'loud' 'louder'], predicted=whistling
question=['cool' 'cooler' 'low' 'lower'], predicted=high
question=['cool' 'cooler' 'new' 'newer'], predicted=however
question=['cool' 'cooler' 'old' 'older'], predicted=altstadt
question=['cool' 'cooler' 'quick' 'quicker'], predicted=downtime
question=['cool' 'cooler' 'safe' 'safer'], predicted=ensue
question=['cool' 'cooler' 'sharp' 'sharper'], predicted=sigmoid
question=['cool' 'cooler' 'simple' 'simpler'], predicted=primitively
question=['cool' 'cooler' 'slow' 'slower'], predicted=faster
question=['cool' 'cooler' 'small' 'smaller'], predicted=large
question=['cool' 'cooler' 'smart' 'smarter'], predicted=decoys
question=['cool' 'cooler' 'strong' 'stronger'], predicted=significant
question=['cool' 'cooler' 'tall' 'taller'], predicted=feet
question=['cool' 'cooler' 'tight' 'tighter'], predicted=cornerbacks
question=['cool' 'cooler' 'tough' 'tougher'], predicted=pierces
question=['cool' 'cooler' 'young' 'younger'], predicted=sired
question=['cool' 'cooler' 'bad' 'worse'], predicted=godesberg
question=['cool' 'cooler' 'big' 'bigger'], predicted=walleye
question=['cool' 'cooler' 'cold' 'colder'], predicted=niflheim
question=['deep' 'deeper' 'good' 'better'], predicted=bad
question=['deep' 'deeper' 'great' 'greater'], predicted=grudging
question=['deep' 'deeper' 'heavy' 'heavier'], predicted=metal
question=['deep' 'deeper' 'high' 'higher'], predicted=low
question=['deep' 'deeper' 'hot' 'hotter'], predicted=drier
question=['deep' 'deeper' 'long' 'longer'], predicted=short
question=['deep' 'deeper' 'loud' 'louder'], predicted=mournful
question=['deep' 'deeper' 'low' 'lower'], predicted=high
question=['deep' 'deeper' 'new' 'newer'], predicted=which
question=['deep' 'deeper' 'quick' 'quicker'], predicted=riposte
question=['deep' 'deeper' 'sharp' 'sharper'], predicted=curve
question=['deep' 'deeper' 'slow' 'slower'], predicted=faster
question=['deep' 'deeper' 'smart' 'smarter'], predicted=computationally
question=['deep' 'deeper' 'strong' 'stronger'], predicted=weak
question=['deep' 'deeper' 'tight' 'tighter'], predicted=tackles
question=['deep' 'deeper' 'tough' 'tougher'], predicted=eschewing
question=['deep' 'deeper' 'warm' 'warmer'], predicted=drier
question=['deep' 'deeper' 'weak' 'weaker'], predicted=stronger
question=['deep' 'deeper' 'young' 'younger'], predicted=teenage
question=['deep' 'deeper' 'bad' 'worse'], predicted=evil
question=['deep' 'deeper' 'big' 'bigger'], predicted=shada
question=['deep' 'deeper' 'cheap' 'cheaper'], predicted=cheaply
question=['deep' 'deeper' 'cold' 'colder'], predicted=thawing
question=['deep' 'deeper' 'cool' 'cooler'], predicted=drier
question=['easy' 'easier' 'great' 'greater'], predicted=considerable
question=['easy' 'easier' 'hot' 'hotter'], predicted=cooler
question=['easy' 'easier' 'long' 'longer'], predicted=shorter
question=['easy' 'easier' 'loud' 'louder'], predicted=squeaking
question=['easy' 'easier' 'low' 'lower'], predicted=higher
question=['easy' 'easier' 'new' 'newer'], predicted=more
question=['easy' 'easier' 'old' 'older'], predicted=patronymics
question=['easy' 'easier' 'safe' 'safer'], predicted=quicker
question=['easy' 'easier' 'sharp' 'sharper'], predicted=softer
question=['easy' 'easier' 'small' 'smaller'], predicted=larger
question=['easy' 'easier' 'smart' 'smarter'], predicted=faster
question=['easy' 'easier' 'tight' 'tighter'], predicted=tumble
question=['easy' 'easier' 'tough' 'tougher'], predicted=less
question=['easy' 'easier' 'cold' 'colder'], predicted=warm
question=['easy' 'easier' 'cool' 'cooler'], predicted=warm
question=['fast' 'faster' 'heavy' 'heavier'], predicted=lighter
question=['fast' 'faster' 'hot' 'hotter'], predicted=warmer
question=['fast' 'faster' 'long' 'longer'], predicted=shorter
question=['fast' 'faster' 'low' 'lower'], predicted=higher
question=['fast' 'faster' 'new' 'newer'], predicted=higher
question=['fast' 'faster' 'quick' 'quicker'], predicted=slower
question=['fast' 'faster' 'sharp' 'sharper'], predicted=straighter
question=['fast' 'faster' 'smart' 'smarter'], predicted=fabricate
question=['fast' 'faster' 'tight' 'tighter'], predicted=leggings
question=['fast' 'faster' 'tough' 'tougher'], predicted=less
question=['fast' 'faster' 'bad' 'worse'], predicted=typos
question=['fast' 'faster' 'big' 'bigger'], predicted=smaller
question=['fast' 'faster' 'cool' 'cooler'], predicted=colder
question=['good' 'better' 'great' 'greater'], predicted=much
question=['good' 'better' 'hard' 'harder'], predicted=disk
question=['good' 'better' 'loud' 'louder'], predicted=reverb
question=['good' 'better' 'low' 'lower'], predicted=higher
question=['good' 'better' 'new' 'newer'], predicted=york
question=['good' 'better' 'quick' 'quicker'], predicted=faster
question=['good' 'better' 'safe' 'safer'], predicted=faster
question=['good' 'better' 'sharp' 'sharper'], predicted=thinner
question=['good' 'better' 'small' 'smaller'], predicted=larger
question=['good' 'better' 'smart' 'smarter'], predicted=faster
question=['good' 'better' 'tight' 'tighter'], predicted=shanahan
question=['good' 'better' 'tough' 'tougher'], predicted=thinner
question=['good' 'better' 'warm' 'warmer'], predicted=wetter
question=['good' 'better' 'weak' 'weaker'], predicted=stronger
question=['good' 'better' 'big' 'bigger'], predicted=larger
question=['good' 'better' 'cheap' 'cheaper'], predicted=cheaply
question=['good' 'better' 'cold' 'colder'], predicted=monohulls
question=['good' 'better' 'cool' 'cooler'], predicted=colder
question=['great' 'greater' 'hard' 'harder'], predicted=larger
question=['great' 'greater' 'heavy' 'heavier'], predicted=lighter
question=['great' 'greater' 'low' 'lower'], predicted=higher
question=['great' 'greater' 'new' 'newer'], predicted=larger
question=['great' 'greater' 'old' 'older'], predicted=larger
question=['great' 'greater' 'quick' 'quicker'], predicted=faster
question=['great' 'greater' 'sharp' 'sharper'], predicted=stronger
question=['great' 'greater' 'simple' 'simpler'], predicted=larger
question=['great' 'greater' 'small' 'smaller'], predicted=larger
question=['great' 'greater' 'smart' 'smarter'], predicted=spi
question=['great' 'greater' 'tight' 'tighter'], predicted=stronger
question=['great' 'greater' 'tough' 'tougher'], predicted=less
question=['great' 'greater' 'weak' 'weaker'], predicted=stronger
question=['great' 'greater' 'young' 'younger'], predicted=larger
question=['great' 'greater' 'bad' 'worse'], predicted=better
question=['great' 'greater' 'big' 'bigger'], predicted=larger
question=['great' 'greater' 'cold' 'colder'], predicted=warm
question=['great' 'greater' 'cool' 'cooler'], predicted=warmer
question=['hard' 'harder' 'long' 'longer'], predicted=short
question=['hard' 'harder' 'loud' 'louder'], predicted=squeaking
question=['hard' 'harder' 'low' 'lower'], predicted=higher
question=['hard' 'harder' 'new' 'newer'], predicted=more
question=['hard' 'harder' 'old' 'older'], predicted=easier
question=['hard' 'harder' 'safe' 'safer'], predicted=quicker
question=['hard' 'harder' 'slow' 'slower'], predicted=quicker
question=['hard' 'harder' 'smart' 'smarter'], predicted=quicker
question=['hard' 'harder' 'tight' 'tighter'], predicted=defensive
question=['hard' 'harder' 'warm' 'warmer'], predicted=colder
question=['hard' 'harder' 'young' 'younger'], predicted=polycystic
question=['hard' 'harder' 'big' 'bigger'], predicted=birdie
question=['hard' 'harder' 'cheap' 'cheaper'], predicted=easier
question=['hard' 'harder' 'cold' 'colder'], predicted=quicker
question=['hard' 'harder' 'good' 'better'], predicted=worse
question=['hard' 'harder' 'great' 'greater'], predicted=immense
question=['heavy' 'heavier' 'hot' 'hotter'], predicted=warm
question=['heavy' 'heavier' 'loud' 'louder'], predicted=mandrakes
question=['heavy' 'heavier' 'low' 'lower'], predicted=higher
question=['heavy' 'heavier' 'new' 'newer'], predicted=more
question=['heavy' 'heavier' 'quick' 'quicker'], predicted=smarter
question=['heavy' 'heavier' 'sharp' 'sharper'], predicted=sigmoid
question=['heavy' 'heavier' 'tight' 'tighter'], predicted=holes
question=['heavy' 'heavier' 'tough' 'tougher'], predicted=gentler
question=['heavy' 'heavier' 'weak' 'weaker'], predicted=metastable
question=['heavy' 'heavier' 'young' 'younger'], predicted=haemophiliac
question=['heavy' 'heavier' 'bad' 'worse'], predicted=good
question=['heavy' 'heavier' 'big' 'bigger'], predicted=bang
question=['heavy' 'heavier' 'cheap' 'cheaper'], predicted=affordable
question=['heavy' 'heavier' 'cold' 'colder'], predicted=warm
question=['heavy' 'heavier' 'cool' 'cooler'], predicted=warm
question=['heavy' 'heavier' 'deep' 'deeper'], predicted=shallower
question=['heavy' 'heavier' 'great' 'greater'], predicted=miraculous
question=['high' 'higher' 'hot' 'hotter'], predicted=warm
question=['high' 'higher' 'long' 'longer'], predicted=shorter
question=['high' 'higher' 'new' 'newer'], predicted=faster
question=['high' 'higher' 'quick' 'quicker'], predicted=faster
question=['high' 'higher' 'safe' 'safer'], predicted=faster
question=['high' 'higher' 'sharp' 'sharper'], predicted=stronger
question=['high' 'higher' 'simple' 'simpler'], predicted=faster
question=['high' 'higher' 'slow' 'slower'], predicted=faster
question=['high' 'higher' 'small' 'smaller'], predicted=larger
question=['high' 'higher' 'smart' 'smarter'], predicted=faster
question=['high' 'higher' 'tight' 'tighter'], predicted=harder
question=['high' 'higher' 'weak' 'weaker'], predicted=stronger
question=['high' 'higher' 'young' 'younger'], predicted=expectancies
question=['high' 'higher' 'cheap' 'cheaper'], predicted=cheaply
question=['high' 'higher' 'cold' 'colder'], predicted=warm
question=['high' 'higher' 'cool' 'cooler'], predicted=warm
question=['hot' 'hotter' 'long' 'longer'], predicted=much
question=['hot' 'hotter' 'loud' 'louder'], predicted=squeaking
question=['hot' 'hotter' 'low' 'lower'], predicted=high
question=['hot' 'hotter' 'new' 'newer'], predicted=more
question=['hot' 'hotter' 'old' 'older'], predicted=saxon
question=['hot' 'hotter' 'quick' 'quicker'], predicted=livelier
question=['hot' 'hotter' 'sharp' 'sharper'], predicted=downwards
question=['hot' 'hotter' 'simple' 'simpler'], predicted=computationally
question=['hot' 'hotter' 'smart' 'smarter'], predicted=spi
question=['hot' 'hotter' 'strong' 'stronger'], predicted=anglosphere
question=['hot' 'hotter' 'tight' 'tighter'], predicted=christiansen
question=['hot' 'hotter' 'tough' 'tougher'], predicted=sidearm
question=['hot' 'hotter' 'warm' 'warmer'], predicted=colder
question=['hot' 'hotter' 'young' 'younger'], predicted=educated
question=['hot' 'hotter' 'bad' 'worse'], predicted=good
question=['hot' 'hotter' 'cool' 'cooler'], predicted=colder
question=['hot' 'hotter' 'heavy' 'heavier'], predicted=lighter
question=['hot' 'hotter' 'high' 'higher'], predicted=low
question=['large' 'larger' 'low' 'lower'], predicted=higher
question=['large' 'larger' 'new' 'newer'], predicted=york
question=['large' 'larger' 'quick' 'quicker'], predicted=slower
question=['large' 'larger' 'sharp' 'sharper'], predicted=stronger
question=['large' 'larger' 'smart' 'smarter'], predicted=faster
question=['large' 'larger' 'tight' 'tighter'], predicted=fillies
question=['large' 'larger' 'tough' 'tougher'], predicted=assertive
question=['large' 'larger' 'weak' 'weaker'], predicted=stronger
question=['large' 'larger' 'young' 'younger'], predicted=older
question=['large' 'larger' 'cold' 'colder'], predicted=warm
question=['large' 'larger' 'cool' 'cooler'], predicted=warmer
question=['long' 'longer' 'loud' 'louder'], predicted=squeaking
question=['long' 'longer' 'low' 'lower'], predicted=higher
question=['long' 'longer' 'new' 'newer'], predicted=sooner
question=['long' 'longer' 'quick' 'quicker'], predicted=better
question=['long' 'longer' 'sharp' 'sharper'], predicted=stronger
question=['long' 'longer' 'smart' 'smarter'], predicted=safer
question=['long' 'longer' 'tight' 'tighter'], predicted=stronger
question=['long' 'longer' 'tough' 'tougher'], predicted=stronger
question=['long' 'longer' 'warm' 'warmer'], predicted=cooler
question=['long' 'longer' 'weak' 'weaker'], predicted=stronger
question=['long' 'longer' 'young' 'younger'], predicted=marriageable
question=['long' 'longer' 'bad' 'worse'], predicted=better
question=['long' 'longer' 'cold' 'colder'], predicted=warm
question=['long' 'longer' 'hot' 'hotter'], predicted=cooler
question=['loud' 'louder' 'low' 'lower'], predicted=higher
question=['loud' 'louder' 'new' 'newer'], predicted=york
question=['loud' 'louder' 'quick' 'quicker'], predicted=efficient
question=['loud' 'louder' 'safe' 'safer'], predicted=efficient
question=['loud' 'louder' 'sharp' 'sharper'], predicted=softer
question=['loud' 'louder' 'slow' 'slower'], predicted=faster
question=['loud' 'louder' 'small' 'smaller'], predicted=larger
question=['loud' 'louder' 'smart' 'smarter'], predicted=efficient
question=['loud' 'louder' 'tight' 'tighter'], predicted=harder
question=['loud' 'louder' 'tough' 'tougher'], predicted=efficient
question=['loud' 'louder' 'warm' 'warmer'], predicted=cool
question=['loud' 'louder' 'big' 'bigger'], predicted=efficient
question=['loud' 'louder' 'cold' 'colder'], predicted=warm
question=['loud' 'louder' 'cool' 'cooler'], predicted=warm
question=['loud' 'louder' 'great' 'greater'], predicted=much
question=['loud' 'louder' 'heavy' 'heavier'], predicted=metal
question=['loud' 'louder' 'hot' 'hotter'], predicted=cool
question=['loud' 'louder' 'long' 'longer'], predicted=much
question=['low' 'lower' 'new' 'newer'], predicted=york
question=['low' 'lower' 'old' 'older'], predicted=nomos
question=['low' 'lower' 'quick' 'quicker'], predicted=consonances
question=['low' 'lower' 'safe' 'safer'], predicted=upper
question=['low' 'lower' 'sharp' 'sharper'], predicted=minuscule
question=['low' 'lower' 'slow' 'slower'], predicted=faster
question=['low' 'lower' 'smart' 'smarter'], predicted=stacy
question=['low' 'lower' 'strong' 'stronger'], predicted=upper
question=['low' 'lower' 'tight' 'tighter'], predicted=defensive
question=['low' 'lower' 'tough' 'tougher'], predicted=leggings
question=['low' 'lower' 'warm' 'warmer'], predicted=humid
question=['low' 'lower' 'bad' 'worse'], predicted=godesberg
question=['low' 'lower' 'big' 'bigger'], predicted=upper
question=['low' 'lower' 'cheap' 'cheaper'], predicted=cheaply
question=['low' 'lower' 'cold' 'colder'], predicted=warm
question=['low' 'lower' 'cool' 'cooler'], predicted=humid
question=['low' 'lower' 'deep' 'deeper'], predicted=upper
question=['low' 'lower' 'great' 'greater'], predicted=upper
question=['low' 'lower' 'hard' 'harder'], predicted=upper
question=['low' 'lower' 'heavy' 'heavier'], predicted=metal
question=['low' 'lower' 'high' 'higher'], predicted=upper
question=['low' 'lower' 'hot' 'hotter'], predicted=upper
question=['low' 'lower' 'loud' 'louder'], predicted=shorn
question=['new' 'newer' 'quick' 'quicker'], predicted=ntfs
question=['new' 'newer' 'safe' 'safer'], predicted=efficient
question=['new' 'newer' 'sharp' 'sharper'], predicted=lamellar
question=['new' 'newer' 'short' 'shorter'], predicted=long
question=['new' 'newer' 'simple' 'simpler'], predicted=flexible
question=['new' 'newer' 'smart' 'smarter'], predicted=ntfs
question=['new' 'newer' 'strong' 'stronger'], predicted=prevalent
question=['new' 'newer' 'tall' 'taller'], predicted=guyed
question=['new' 'newer' 'tight' 'tighter'], predicted=dimples
question=['new' 'newer' 'tough' 'tougher'], predicted=housings
question=['new' 'newer' 'warm' 'warmer'], predicted=cool
question=['new' 'newer' 'weak' 'weaker'], predicted=labile
question=['new' 'newer' 'wide' 'wider'], predicted=midrange
question=['new' 'newer' 'young' 'younger'], predicted=older
question=['new' 'newer' 'bad' 'worse'], predicted=good
question=['new' 'newer' 'big' 'bigger'], predicted=vcd
question=['new' 'newer' 'bright' 'brighter'], predicted=garnets
question=['new' 'newer' 'cheap' 'cheaper'], predicted=carabiners
question=['new' 'newer' 'cold' 'colder'], predicted=warm
question=['new' 'newer' 'cool' 'cooler'], predicted=summers
question=['new' 'newer' 'deep' 'deeper'], predicted=abyssal
question=['new' 'newer' 'fast' 'faster'], predicted=slower
question=['new' 'newer' 'good' 'better'], predicted=bad
question=['new' 'newer' 'great' 'greater'], predicted=considerable
question=['new' 'newer' 'hard' 'harder'], predicted=ntfs
question=['new' 'newer' 'heavy' 'heavier'], predicted=stug
question=['new' 'newer' 'high' 'higher'], predicted=low
question=['new' 'newer' 'hot' 'hotter'], predicted=coolers
question=['new' 'newer' 'large' 'larger'], predicted=smaller
question=['new' 'newer' 'long' 'longer'], predicted=short
question=['new' 'newer' 'loud' 'louder'], predicted=squeaking
question=['new' 'newer' 'low' 'lower'], predicted=bitrates
question=['old' 'older' 'quick' 'quicker'], predicted=msie
question=['old' 'older' 'safe' 'safer'], predicted=comfortable
question=['old' 'older' 'sharp' 'sharper'], predicted=weightings
question=['old' 'older' 'small' 'smaller'], predicted=larger
question=['old' 'older' 'smart' 'smarter'], predicted=spi
question=['old' 'older' 'tight' 'tighter'], predicted=cornerbacks
question=['old' 'older' 'tough' 'tougher'], predicted=sidearm
question=['old' 'older' 'warm' 'warmer'], predicted=colder
question=['old' 'older' 'bad' 'worse'], predicted=uninformed
question=['old' 'older' 'big' 'bigger'], predicted=vcd
question=['old' 'older' 'cheap' 'cheaper'], predicted=uninformed
question=['old' 'older' 'cold' 'colder'], predicted=warm
question=['old' 'older' 'cool' 'cooler'], predicted=warm
question=['old' 'older' 'deep' 'deeper'], predicted=submergence
question=['old' 'older' 'fast' 'faster'], predicted=slower
question=['old' 'older' 'great' 'greater'], predicted=considerable
question=['old' 'older' 'hard' 'harder'], predicted=drives
question=['old' 'older' 'heavy' 'heavier'], predicted=metal
question=['old' 'older' 'high' 'higher'], predicted=low
question=['old' 'older' 'hot' 'hotter'], predicted=cloudy
question=['old' 'older' 'long' 'longer'], predicted=short
question=['old' 'older' 'loud' 'louder'], predicted=growling
question=['old' 'older' 'low' 'lower'], predicted=higher
question=['quick' 'quicker' 'safe' 'safer'], predicted=odours
question=['quick' 'quicker' 'sharp' 'sharper'], predicted=straighter
question=['quick' 'quicker' 'slow' 'slower'], predicted=faster
question=['quick' 'quicker' 'small' 'smaller'], predicted=larger
question=['quick' 'quicker' 'smart' 'smarter'], predicted=remediation
question=['quick' 'quicker' 'tight' 'tighter'], predicted=tumble
question=['quick' 'quicker' 'tough' 'tougher'], predicted=less
question=['quick' 'quicker' 'warm' 'warmer'], predicted=colder
question=['quick' 'quicker' 'weak' 'weaker'], predicted=stronger
question=['quick' 'quicker' 'young' 'younger'], predicted=expectancies
question=['quick' 'quicker' 'big' 'bigger'], predicted=epidermis
question=['quick' 'quicker' 'bright' 'brighter'], predicted=yellowish
question=['quick' 'quicker' 'cool' 'cooler'], predicted=colder
question=['quick' 'quicker' 'great' 'greater'], predicted=much
question=['quick' 'quicker' 'heavy' 'heavier'], predicted=lighter
question=['quick' 'quicker' 'long' 'longer'], predicted=shorter
question=['quick' 'quicker' 'low' 'lower'], predicted=higher
question=['quick' 'quicker' 'new' 'newer'], predicted=more
question=['safe' 'safer' 'smart' 'smarter'], predicted=stacy
question=['safe' 'safer' 'tight' 'tighter'], predicted=sharper
question=['safe' 'safer' 'tough' 'tougher'], predicted=lighter
question=['safe' 'safer' 'weak' 'weaker'], predicted=stronger
question=['safe' 'safer' 'young' 'younger'], predicted=wynton
question=['safe' 'safer' 'bad' 'worse'], predicted=kitsch
question=['safe' 'safer' 'big' 'bigger'], predicted=minis
question=['safe' 'safer' 'cheap' 'cheaper'], predicted=affordable
question=['safe' 'safer' 'cold' 'colder'], predicted=ice
question=['safe' 'safer' 'cool' 'cooler'], predicted=warm
question=['safe' 'safer' 'great' 'greater'], predicted=tremendous
question=['safe' 'safer' 'heavy' 'heavier'], predicted=lighter
question=['safe' 'safer' 'hot' 'hotter'], predicted=spoonful
question=['safe' 'safer' 'long' 'longer'], predicted=shaku
question=['safe' 'safer' 'low' 'lower'], predicted=high
question=['safe' 'safer' 'new' 'newer'], predicted=more
question=['safe' 'safer' 'quick' 'quicker'], predicted=smoother
question=['sharp' 'sharper' 'slow' 'slower'], predicted=faster
question=['sharp' 'sharper' 'small' 'smaller'], predicted=large
question=['sharp' 'sharper' 'smart' 'smarter'], predicted=dumb
question=['sharp' 'sharper' 'tight' 'tighter'], predicted=shanahan
question=['sharp' 'sharper' 'tough' 'tougher'], predicted=supple
question=['sharp' 'sharper' 'warm' 'warmer'], predicted=cool
question=['sharp' 'sharper' 'weak' 'weaker'], predicted=stronger
question=['sharp' 'sharper' 'young' 'younger'], predicted=obito
question=['sharp' 'sharper' 'bad' 'worse'], predicted=good
question=['sharp' 'sharper' 'big' 'bigger'], predicted=classic
question=['sharp' 'sharper' 'cheap' 'cheaper'], predicted=inexpensive
question=['sharp' 'sharper' 'cold' 'colder'], predicted=hot
question=['sharp' 'sharper' 'cool' 'cooler'], predicted=sunny
question=['sharp' 'sharper' 'great' 'greater'], predicted=batu
question=['sharp' 'sharper' 'heavy' 'heavier'], predicted=lighter
question=['sharp' 'sharper' 'high' 'higher'], predicted=low
question=['sharp' 'sharper' 'hot' 'hotter'], predicted=freezer
question=['sharp' 'sharper' 'long' 'longer'], predicted=short
question=['sharp' 'sharper' 'loud' 'louder'], predicted=wynonna
question=['sharp' 'sharper' 'low' 'lower'], predicted=higher
question=['sharp' 'sharper' 'new' 'newer'], predicted=modern
question=['sharp' 'sharper' 'quick' 'quicker'], predicted=rougher
question=['sharp' 'sharper' 'safe' 'safer'], predicted=reliable
question=['short' 'shorter' 'smart' 'smarter'], predicted=safer
question=['short' 'shorter' 'tall' 'taller'], predicted=inches
question=['short' 'shorter' 'tight' 'tighter'], predicted=shanahan
question=['short' 'shorter' 'warm' 'warmer'], predicted=colder
question=['short' 'shorter' 'weak' 'weaker'], predicted=stronger
question=['short' 'shorter' 'bad' 'worse'], predicted=better
question=['short' 'shorter' 'big' 'bigger'], predicted=smaller
question=['short' 'shorter' 'cold' 'colder'], predicted=warm
question=['short' 'shorter' 'cool' 'cooler'], predicted=warm
question=['short' 'shorter' 'great' 'greater'], predicted=considerable
question=['short' 'shorter' 'heavy' 'heavier'], predicted=lighter
question=['short' 'shorter' 'hot' 'hotter'], predicted=humid
question=['short' 'shorter' 'loud' 'louder'], predicted=livelier
question=['short' 'shorter' 'low' 'lower'], predicted=higher
question=['short' 'shorter' 'new' 'newer'], predicted=york
question=['short' 'shorter' 'quick' 'quicker'], predicted=livelier
question=['simple' 'simpler' 'small' 'smaller'], predicted=larger
question=['simple' 'simpler' 'smart' 'smarter'], predicted=dumb
question=['simple' 'simpler' 'tight' 'tighter'], predicted=shanahan
question=['simple' 'simpler' 'tough' 'tougher'], predicted=leggings
question=['simple' 'simpler' 'warm' 'warmer'], predicted=colder
question=['simple' 'simpler' 'weak' 'weaker'], predicted=stronger
question=['simple' 'simpler' 'cool' 'cooler'], predicted=colder
question=['simple' 'simpler' 'fast' 'faster'], predicted=slower
question=['simple' 'simpler' 'great' 'greater'], predicted=immense
question=['simple' 'simpler' 'heavy' 'heavier'], predicted=lighter
question=['simple' 'simpler' 'long' 'longer'], predicted=shorter
question=['simple' 'simpler' 'loud' 'louder'], predicted=raspy
question=['simple' 'simpler' 'new' 'newer'], predicted=york
question=['simple' 'simpler' 'quick' 'quicker'], predicted=better
question=['simple' 'simpler' 'safe' 'safer'], predicted=monohulls
question=['slow' 'slower' 'small' 'smaller'], predicted=larger
question=['slow' 'slower' 'smart' 'smarter'], predicted=spi
question=['slow' 'slower' 'tight' 'tighter'], predicted=mcmichael
question=['slow' 'slower' 'tough' 'tougher'], predicted=stronger
question=['slow' 'slower' 'weak' 'weaker'], predicted=stronger
question=['slow' 'slower' 'bad' 'worse'], predicted=good
question=['slow' 'slower' 'cheap' 'cheaper'], predicted=cheaply
question=['slow' 'slower' 'cold' 'colder'], predicted=hot
question=['slow' 'slower' 'cool' 'cooler'], predicted=coldest
question=['slow' 'slower' 'deep' 'deeper'], predicted=shallower
question=['slow' 'slower' 'hard' 'harder'], predicted=cheaper
question=['slow' 'slower' 'heavy' 'heavier'], predicted=lighter
question=['slow' 'slower' 'long' 'longer'], predicted=shorter
question=['slow' 'slower' 'loud' 'louder'], predicted=fatter
question=['slow' 'slower' 'low' 'lower'], predicted=higher
question=['slow' 'slower' 'new' 'newer'], predicted=york
question=['slow' 'slower' 'quick' 'quicker'], predicted=faster
question=['slow' 'slower' 'safe' 'safer'], predicted=faster
question=['slow' 'slower' 'sharp' 'sharper'], predicted=stronger
question=['small' 'smaller' 'smart' 'smarter'], predicted=spi
question=['small' 'smaller' 'tight' 'tighter'], predicted=lighter
question=['small' 'smaller' 'warm' 'warmer'], predicted=colder
question=['small' 'smaller' 'weak' 'weaker'], predicted=stronger
question=['small' 'smaller' 'cool' 'cooler'], predicted=colder
question=['small' 'smaller' 'long' 'longer'], predicted=shorter
question=['small' 'smaller' 'low' 'lower'], predicted=higher
question=['small' 'smaller' 'new' 'newer'], predicted=more
question=['small' 'smaller' 'quick' 'quicker'], predicted=slower
question=['small' 'smaller' 'safe' 'safer'], predicted=cheaper
question=['smart' 'smarter' 'tall' 'taller'], predicted=forelegs
question=['smart' 'smarter' 'tight' 'tighter'], predicted=leggings
question=['smart' 'smarter' 'tough' 'tougher'], predicted=leggings
question=['smart' 'smarter' 'weak' 'weaker'], predicted=stronger
question=['smart' 'smarter' 'young' 'younger'], predicted=stigmatized
question=['smart' 'smarter' 'bad' 'worse'], predicted=squeaking
question=['smart' 'smarter' 'big' 'bigger'], predicted=fatter
question=['smart' 'smarter' 'cheap' 'cheaper'], predicted=uninformed
question=['smart' 'smarter' 'cold' 'colder'], predicted=warm
question=['smart' 'smarter' 'cool' 'cooler'], predicted=warm
question=['smart' 'smarter' 'deep' 'deeper'], predicted=substructure
question=['smart' 'smarter' 'fast' 'faster'], predicted=slower
question=['smart' 'smarter' 'great' 'greater'], predicted=drooling
question=['smart' 'smarter' 'hard' 'harder'], predicted=disk
question=['smart' 'smarter' 'heavy' 'heavier'], predicted=metal
question=['smart' 'smarter' 'hot' 'hotter'], predicted=sugary
question=['smart' 'smarter' 'loud' 'louder'], predicted=squeaking
question=['smart' 'smarter' 'new' 'newer'], predicted=more
question=['smart' 'smarter' 'quick' 'quicker'], predicted=mitsumi
question=['smart' 'smarter' 'safe' 'safer'], predicted=monohulls
question=['smart' 'smarter' 'sharp' 'sharper'], predicted=rashes
question=['smart' 'smarter' 'short' 'shorter'], predicted=squealing
question=['smart' 'smarter' 'simple' 'simpler'], predicted=dysrhythmia
question=['smart' 'smarter' 'small' 'smaller'], predicted=larger
question=['strong' 'stronger' 'tight' 'tighter'], predicted=harder
question=['strong' 'stronger' 'tough' 'tougher'], predicted=cheaper
question=['strong' 'stronger' 'young' 'younger'], predicted=faster
question=['strong' 'stronger' 'cold' 'colder'], predicted=warmer
question=['strong' 'stronger' 'cool' 'cooler'], predicted=warmer
question=['strong' 'stronger' 'hot' 'hotter'], predicted=warmer
question=['strong' 'stronger' 'low' 'lower'], predicted=higher
question=['strong' 'stronger' 'new' 'newer'], predicted=more
question=['strong' 'stronger' 'quick' 'quicker'], predicted=faster
question=['strong' 'stronger' 'sharp' 'sharper'], predicted=thinner
question=['strong' 'stronger' 'simple' 'simpler'], predicted=faster
question=['strong' 'stronger' 'slow' 'slower'], predicted=faster
question=['strong' 'stronger' 'small' 'smaller'], predicted=larger
question=['strong' 'stronger' 'smart' 'smarter'], predicted=faster
question=['tall' 'taller' 'tight' 'tighter'], predicted=weaker
question=['tall' 'taller' 'tough' 'tougher'], predicted=stronger
question=['tall' 'taller' 'warm' 'warmer'], predicted=colder
question=['tall' 'taller' 'young' 'younger'], predicted=stigmatized
question=['tall' 'taller' 'bad' 'worse'], predicted=good
question=['tall' 'taller' 'cold' 'colder'], predicted=warm
question=['tall' 'taller' 'cool' 'cooler'], predicted=warm
question=['tall' 'taller' 'good' 'better'], predicted=bad
question=['tall' 'taller' 'heavy' 'heavier'], predicted=stronger
question=['tall' 'taller' 'long' 'longer'], predicted=short
question=['tall' 'taller' 'low' 'lower'], predicted=higher
question=['tall' 'taller' 'new' 'newer'], predicted=more
question=['tall' 'taller' 'quick' 'quicker'], predicted=weaker
question=['tall' 'taller' 'safe' 'safer'], predicted=unenforceable
question=['tall' 'taller' 'sharp' 'sharper'], predicted=weaker
question=['tall' 'taller' 'simple' 'simpler'], predicted=factorize
question=['tall' 'taller' 'small' 'smaller'], predicted=larger
question=['tall' 'taller' 'smart' 'smarter'], predicted=automated
question=['tight' 'tighter' 'tough' 'tougher'], predicted=lubricated
question=['tight' 'tighter' 'weak' 'weaker'], predicted=stronger
question=['tight' 'tighter' 'young' 'younger'], predicted=socialisation
question=['tight' 'tighter' 'bad' 'worse'], predicted=better
question=['tight' 'tighter' 'big' 'bigger'], predicted=xvid
question=['tight' 'tighter' 'bright' 'brighter'], predicted=violets
question=['tight' 'tighter' 'cold' 'colder'], predicted=rifting
question=['tight' 'tighter' 'cool' 'cooler'], predicted=warmer
question=['tight' 'tighter' 'deep' 'deeper'], predicted=bulkier
question=['tight' 'tighter' 'fast' 'faster'], predicted=slower
question=['tight' 'tighter' 'great' 'greater'], predicted=isostatic
question=['tight' 'tighter' 'hard' 'harder'], predicted=minidv
question=['tight' 'tighter' 'heavy' 'heavier'], predicted=bulkier
question=['tight' 'tighter' 'loud' 'louder'], predicted=sound
question=['tight' 'tighter' 'low' 'lower'], predicted=higher
question=['tight' 'tighter' 'new' 'newer'], predicted=more
question=['tight' 'tighter' 'quick' 'quicker'], predicted=smarter
question=['tight' 'tighter' 'safe' 'safer'], predicted=unsafe
question=['tight' 'tighter' 'sharp' 'sharper'], predicted=rashes
question=['tight' 'tighter' 'short' 'shorter'], predicted=longer
question=['tight' 'tighter' 'simple' 'simpler'], predicted=mtf
question=['tight' 'tighter' 'smart' 'smarter'], predicted=spi
question=['tight' 'tighter' 'strong' 'stronger'], predicted=substantial
question=['tough' 'tougher' 'warm' 'warmer'], predicted=colder
question=['tough' 'tougher' 'young' 'younger'], predicted=stigmatized
question=['tough' 'tougher' 'bad' 'worse'], predicted=good
question=['tough' 'tougher' 'big' 'bigger'], predicted=blue
question=['tough' 'tougher' 'cold' 'colder'], predicted=temperatures
question=['tough' 'tougher' 'cool' 'cooler'], predicted=colder
question=['tough' 'tougher' 'deep' 'deeper'], predicted=wormhole
question=['tough' 'tougher' 'good' 'better'], predicted=quicker
question=['tough' 'tougher' 'heavy' 'heavier'], predicted=metal
question=['tough' 'tougher' 'hot' 'hotter'], predicted=cloudy
question=['tough' 'tougher' 'long' 'longer'], predicted=shorter
question=['tough' 'tougher' 'loud' 'louder'], predicted=raspy
question=['tough' 'tougher' 'low' 'lower'], predicted=higher
question=['tough' 'tougher' 'new' 'newer'], predicted=supers
question=['tough' 'tougher' 'old' 'older'], predicted=earlier
question=['tough' 'tougher' 'safe' 'safer'], predicted=quicker
question=['tough' 'tougher' 'sharp' 'sharper'], predicted=extipa
question=['tough' 'tougher' 'slow' 'slower'], predicted=faster
question=['tough' 'tougher' 'smart' 'smarter'], predicted=quicker
question=['tough' 'tougher' 'tight' 'tighter'], predicted=tumble
question=['warm' 'warmer' 'young' 'younger'], predicted=adults
question=['warm' 'warmer' 'bad' 'worse'], predicted=good
question=['warm' 'warmer' 'big' 'bigger'], predicted=windowlicker
question=['warm' 'warmer' 'cold' 'colder'], predicted=temperatures
question=['warm' 'warmer' 'good' 'better'], predicted=bad
question=['warm' 'warmer' 'heavy' 'heavier'], predicted=metal
question=['warm' 'warmer' 'high' 'higher'], predicted=low
question=['warm' 'warmer' 'hot' 'hotter'], predicted=cooler
question=['warm' 'warmer' 'large' 'larger'], predicted=small
question=['warm' 'warmer' 'long' 'longer'], predicted=short
question=['warm' 'warmer' 'loud' 'louder'], predicted=sound
question=['warm' 'warmer' 'low' 'lower'], predicted=high
question=['warm' 'warmer' 'new' 'newer'], predicted=york
question=['warm' 'warmer' 'old' 'older'], predicted=another
question=['warm' 'warmer' 'quick' 'quicker'], predicted=calibration
question=['warm' 'warmer' 'safe' 'safer'], predicted=unsafe
question=['warm' 'warmer' 'sharp' 'sharper'], predicted=tapered
question=['warm' 'warmer' 'slow' 'slower'], predicted=faster
question=['warm' 'warmer' 'smart' 'smarter'], predicted=dumb
question=['warm' 'warmer' 'tight' 'tighter'], predicted=blanda
question=['warm' 'warmer' 'tough' 'tougher'], predicted=less
question=['weak' 'weaker' 'young' 'younger'], predicted=marriageable
question=['weak' 'weaker' 'bad' 'worse'], predicted=good
question=['weak' 'weaker' 'big' 'bigger'], predicted=smaller
question=['weak' 'weaker' 'cold' 'colder'], predicted=temperatures
question=['weak' 'weaker' 'cool' 'cooler'], predicted=hotter
question=['weak' 'weaker' 'deep' 'deeper'], predicted=bathyscaphe
question=['weak' 'weaker' 'great' 'greater'], predicted=nevsky
question=['weak' 'weaker' 'heavy' 'heavier'], predicted=lighter
question=['weak' 'weaker' 'loud' 'louder'], predicted=roar
question=['weak' 'weaker' 'low' 'lower'], predicted=higher
question=['weak' 'weaker' 'new' 'newer'], predicted=york
question=['weak' 'weaker' 'quick' 'quicker'], predicted=jacketed
question=['weak' 'weaker' 'safe' 'safer'], predicted=incapacitate
question=['weak' 'weaker' 'smart' 'smarter'], predicted=spi
question=['weak' 'weaker' 'tight' 'tighter'], predicted=shanahan
question=['weak' 'weaker' 'tough' 'tougher'], predicted=less
question=['wide' 'wider' 'bad' 'worse'], predicted=good
question=['wide' 'wider' 'big' 'bigger'], predicted=kahuna
question=['wide' 'wider' 'cold' 'colder'], predicted=warm
question=['wide' 'wider' 'cool' 'cooler'], predicted=warm
question=['wide' 'wider' 'fast' 'faster'], predicted=slower
question=['wide' 'wider' 'great' 'greater'], predicted=considerable
question=['wide' 'wider' 'long' 'longer'], predicted=short
question=['wide' 'wider' 'loud' 'louder'], predicted=raspy
question=['wide' 'wider' 'new' 'newer'], predicted=which
question=['wide' 'wider' 'quick' 'quicker'], predicted=riposte
question=['wide' 'wider' 'safe' 'safer'], predicted=seaworthy
question=['wide' 'wider' 'sharp' 'sharper'], predicted=stronger
question=['wide' 'wider' 'small' 'smaller'], predicted=larger
question=['wide' 'wider' 'smart' 'smarter'], predicted=drones
question=['wide' 'wider' 'tight' 'tighter'], predicted=crossbowmen
question=['wide' 'wider' 'tough' 'tougher'], predicted=machismo
question=['wide' 'wider' 'warm' 'warmer'], predicted=colder
question=['wide' 'wider' 'weak' 'weaker'], predicted=stronger
question=['young' 'younger' 'bad' 'worse'], predicted=good
question=['young' 'younger' 'big' 'bigger'], predicted=brother
question=['young' 'younger' 'cheap' 'cheaper'], predicted=cheaply
question=['young' 'younger' 'cold' 'colder'], predicted=dryas
question=['young' 'younger' 'cool' 'cooler'], predicted=warm
question=['young' 'younger' 'deep' 'deeper'], predicted=fram
question=['young' 'younger' 'fast' 'faster'], predicted=slower
question=['young' 'younger' 'great' 'greater'], predicted=sempronius
question=['young' 'younger' 'hard' 'harder'], predicted=drives
question=['young' 'younger' 'heavy' 'heavier'], predicted=metal
question=['young' 'younger' 'high' 'higher'], predicted=low
question=['young' 'younger' 'hot' 'hotter'], predicted=humid
question=['young' 'younger' 'large' 'larger'], predicted=huge
question=['young' 'younger' 'long' 'longer'], predicted=dryas
question=['young' 'younger' 'loud' 'louder'], predicted=squeaking
question=['young' 'younger' 'new' 'newer'], predicted=york
question=['young' 'younger' 'quick' 'quicker'], predicted=crlf
question=['young' 'younger' 'safe' 'safer'], predicted=secure
question=['young' 'younger' 'sharp' 'sharper'], predicted=dryas
question=['young' 'younger' 'short' 'shorter'], predicted=half
question=['young' 'younger' 'simple' 'simpler'], predicted=quicksort
question=['young' 'younger' 'small' 'smaller'], predicted=large
question=['young' 'younger' 'smart' 'smarter'], predicted=spi
question=['young' 'younger' 'strong' 'stronger'], predicted=aristobulus
question=['young' 'younger' 'tight' 'tighter'], predicted=newsome
question=['young' 'younger' 'tough' 'tougher'], predicted=desperation
question=['bad' 'worst' 'big' 'biggest'], predicted=bang
question=['bad' 'worst' 'cold' 'coldest'], predicted=paleogeography
question=['bad' 'worst' 'cool' 'coolest'], predicted=humid
question=['bad' 'worst' 'dark' 'darkest'], predicted=microlensing
question=['bad' 'worst' 'easy' 'easiest'], predicted=easier
question=['bad' 'worst' 'hot' 'hottest'], predicted=humid
question=['bad' 'worst' 'large' 'largest'], predicted=vast
question=['bad' 'worst' 'low' 'lowest'], predicted=highest
question=['bad' 'worst' 'lucky' 'luckiest'], predicted=elmo
question=['bad' 'worst' 'old' 'oldest'], predicted=early
question=['bad' 'worst' 'quick' 'quickest'], predicted=scramble
question=['bad' 'worst' 'sharp' 'sharpest'], predicted=northern
question=['bad' 'worst' 'short' 'shortest'], predicted=long
question=['bad' 'worst' 'slow' 'slowest'], predicted=fastest
question=['bad' 'worst' 'small' 'smallest'], predicted=large
question=['bad' 'worst' 'smart' 'smartest'], predicted=best
question=['bad' 'worst' 'strange' 'strangest'], predicted=razzie
question=['bad' 'worst' 'sweet' 'sweetest'], predicted=coconuts
question=['bad' 'worst' 'warm' 'warmest'], predicted=humid
question=['bad' 'worst' 'weak' 'weakest'], predicted=strongest
question=['bad' 'worst' 'wide' 'widest'], predicted=range
question=['bad' 'worst' 'young' 'youngest'], predicted=clevelanders
question=['big' 'biggest' 'bright' 'brightest'], predicted=brighter
question=['big' 'biggest' 'cold' 'coldest'], predicted=warm
question=['big' 'biggest' 'cool' 'coolest'], predicted=warm
question=['big' 'biggest' 'dark' 'darkest'], predicted=finest
question=['big' 'biggest' 'easy' 'easiest'], predicted=easier
question=['big' 'biggest' 'good' 'best'], predicted=bad
question=['big' 'biggest' 'hot' 'hottest'], predicted=humid
question=['big' 'biggest' 'low' 'lowest'], predicted=high
question=['big' 'biggest' 'lucky' 'luckiest'], predicted=finest
question=['big' 'biggest' 'quick' 'quickest'], predicted=disquieting
question=['big' 'biggest' 'sharp' 'sharpest'], predicted=sharpened
question=['big' 'biggest' 'simple' 'simplest'], predicted=typical
question=['big' 'biggest' 'short' 'shortest'], predicted=greatest
question=['big' 'biggest' 'slow' 'slowest'], predicted=prone
question=['big' 'biggest' 'small' 'smallest'], predicted=largest
question=['big' 'biggest' 'smart' 'smartest'], predicted=collector
question=['big' 'biggest' 'strange' 'strangest'], predicted=peculiar
question=['big' 'biggest' 'sweet' 'sweetest'], predicted=flavoured
question=['big' 'biggest' 'tall' 'tallest'], predicted=taller
question=['big' 'biggest' 'warm' 'warmest'], predicted=humid
question=['big' 'biggest' 'weak' 'weakest'], predicted=strongest
question=['big' 'biggest' 'wide' 'widest'], predicted=largest
question=['big' 'biggest' 'young' 'youngest'], predicted=children
question=['big' 'biggest' 'bad' 'worst'], predicted=godesberg
question=['bright' 'brightest' 'cold' 'coldest'], predicted=peloponnesian
question=['bright' 'brightest' 'cool' 'coolest'], predicted=warm
question=['bright' 'brightest' 'dark' 'darkest'], predicted=astrometrics
question=['bright' 'brightest' 'easy' 'easiest'], predicted=impossible
question=['bright' 'brightest' 'fast' 'fastest'], predicted=segment
question=['bright' 'brightest' 'good' 'best'], predicted=ontologically
question=['bright' 'brightest' 'high' 'highest'], predicted=low
question=['bright' 'brightest' 'hot' 'hottest'], predicted=hotline
question=['bright' 'brightest' 'large' 'largest'], predicted=small
question=['bright' 'brightest' 'low' 'lowest'], predicted=high
question=['bright' 'brightest' 'lucky' 'luckiest'], predicted=corrigan
question=['bright' 'brightest' 'old' 'oldest'], predicted=keitai
question=['bright' 'brightest' 'quick' 'quickest'], predicted=hypertransport
question=['bright' 'brightest' 'sharp' 'sharpest'], predicted=sigmoid
question=['bright' 'brightest' 'simple' 'simplest'], predicted=sort
question=['bright' 'brightest' 'short' 'shortest'], predicted=long
question=['bright' 'brightest' 'slow' 'slowest'], predicted=rotational
question=['bright' 'brightest' 'small' 'smallest'], predicted=large
question=['bright' 'brightest' 'smart' 'smartest'], predicted=manned
question=['bright' 'brightest' 'strange' 'strangest'], predicted=aeons
question=['bright' 'brightest' 'strong' 'strongest'], predicted=paternalism
question=['bright' 'brightest' 'sweet' 'sweetest'], predicted=cassava
question=['bright' 'brightest' 'warm' 'warmest'], predicted=temperate
question=['bright' 'brightest' 'weak' 'weakest'], predicted=unstable
question=['bright' 'brightest' 'young' 'youngest'], predicted=acharya
question=['bright' 'brightest' 'bad' 'worst'], predicted=amok
question=['bright' 'brightest' 'big' 'biggest'], predicted=bang
question=['cold' 'coldest' 'cool' 'coolest'], predicted=warmest
question=['cold' 'coldest' 'dark' 'darkest'], predicted=coolest
question=['cold' 'coldest' 'easy' 'easiest'], predicted=easier
question=['cold' 'coldest' 'fast' 'fastest'], predicted=sunniest
question=['cold' 'coldest' 'good' 'best'], predicted=sunniest
question=['cold' 'coldest' 'hot' 'hottest'], predicted=coolest
question=['cold' 'coldest' 'large' 'largest'], predicted=small
question=['cold' 'coldest' 'low' 'lowest'], predicted=highest
question=['cold' 'coldest' 'lucky' 'luckiest'], predicted=musial
question=['cold' 'coldest' 'old' 'oldest'], predicted=vaduz
question=['cold' 'coldest' 'quick' 'quickest'], predicted=minor
question=['cold' 'coldest' 'sharp' 'sharpest'], predicted=minor
question=['cold' 'coldest' 'simple' 'simplest'], predicted=perf
question=['cold' 'coldest' 'short' 'shortest'], predicted=kilimanjaro
question=['cold' 'coldest' 'slow' 'slowest'], predicted=slower
question=['cold' 'coldest' 'small' 'smallest'], predicted=large
question=['cold' 'coldest' 'smart' 'smartest'], predicted=taguatinga
question=['cold' 'coldest' 'strange' 'strangest'], predicted=recorded
question=['cold' 'coldest' 'strong' 'strongest'], predicted=sunniest
question=['cold' 'coldest' 'sweet' 'sweetest'], predicted=waltzes
question=['cold' 'coldest' 'tall' 'tallest'], predicted=taller
question=['cold' 'coldest' 'weak' 'weakest'], predicted=sunniest
question=['cold' 'coldest' 'wide' 'widest'], predicted=highest
question=['cold' 'coldest' 'young' 'youngest'], predicted=adult
question=['cold' 'coldest' 'bad' 'worst'], predicted=sunniest
question=['cold' 'coldest' 'big' 'biggest'], predicted=coolest
question=['cold' 'coldest' 'bright' 'brightest'], predicted=brighter
question=['cool' 'coolest' 'dark' 'darkest'], predicted=quaoar
question=['cool' 'coolest' 'easy' 'easiest'], predicted=easier
question=['cool' 'coolest' 'fast' 'fastest'], predicted=quaoar
question=['cool' 'coolest' 'good' 'best'], predicted=bad
question=['cool' 'coolest' 'great' 'greatest'], predicted=iulia
question=['cool' 'coolest' 'high' 'highest'], predicted=low
question=['cool' 'coolest' 'hot' 'hottest'], predicted=driest
question=['cool' 'coolest' 'large' 'largest'], predicted=small
question=['cool' 'coolest' 'long' 'longest'], predicted=tya
question=['cool' 'coolest' 'low' 'lowest'], predicted=high
question=['cool' 'coolest' 'lucky' 'luckiest'], predicted=gliese
question=['cool' 'coolest' 'old' 'oldest'], predicted=altstadt
question=['cool' 'coolest' 'quick' 'quickest'], predicted=quaoar
question=['cool' 'coolest' 'sharp' 'sharpest'], predicted=trailing
question=['cool' 'coolest' 'simple' 'simplest'], predicted=quaoar
question=['cool' 'coolest' 'short' 'shortest'], predicted=quaoar
question=['cool' 'coolest' 'slow' 'slowest'], predicted=quaoar
question=['cool' 'coolest' 'small' 'smallest'], predicted=large
question=['cool' 'coolest' 'smart' 'smartest'], predicted=southport
question=['cool' 'coolest' 'strange' 'strangest'], predicted=unbelievable
question=['cool' 'coolest' 'strong' 'strongest'], predicted=significant
question=['cool' 'coolest' 'sweet' 'sweetest'], predicted=aquamarine
question=['cool' 'coolest' 'tall' 'tallest'], predicted=taller
question=['cool' 'coolest' 'weak' 'weakest'], predicted=quaoar
question=['cool' 'coolest' 'wide' 'widest'], predicted=wider
question=['cool' 'coolest' 'young' 'youngest'], predicted=children
question=['cool' 'coolest' 'bad' 'worst'], predicted=godesberg
question=['cool' 'coolest' 'big' 'biggest'], predicted=dugme
question=['cool' 'coolest' 'bright' 'brightest'], predicted=brighter
question=['cool' 'coolest' 'cold' 'coldest'], predicted=warmest
question=['dark' 'darkest' 'easy' 'easiest'], predicted=remotest
question=['dark' 'darkest' 'fast' 'fastest'], predicted=hour
question=['dark' 'darkest' 'good' 'best'], predicted=bad
question=['dark' 'darkest' 'high' 'highest'], predicted=low
question=['dark' 'darkest' 'hot' 'hottest'], predicted=coney
question=['dark' 'darkest' 'large' 'largest'], predicted=huge
question=['dark' 'darkest' 'low' 'lowest'], predicted=high
question=['dark' 'darkest' 'lucky' 'luckiest'], predicted=hour
question=['dark' 'darkest' 'old' 'oldest'], predicted=gawler
question=['dark' 'darkest' 'quick' 'quickest'], predicted=buggy
question=['dark' 'darkest' 'sharp' 'sharpest'], predicted=emmerdale
question=['dark' 'darkest' 'simple' 'simplest'], predicted=infamous
question=['dark' 'darkest' 'short' 'shortest'], predicted=long
question=['dark' 'darkest' 'slow' 'slowest'], predicted=pace
question=['dark' 'darkest' 'small' 'smallest'], predicted=large
question=['dark' 'darkest' 'smart' 'smartest'], predicted=cst
question=['dark' 'darkest' 'strange' 'strangest'], predicted=rambling
question=['dark' 'darkest' 'strong' 'strongest'], predicted=proud
question=['dark' 'darkest' 'sweet' 'sweetest'], predicted=pecan
question=['dark' 'darkest' 'tall' 'tallest'], predicted=arica
question=['dark' 'darkest' 'warm' 'warmest'], predicted=breezes
question=['dark' 'darkest' 'weak' 'weakest'], predicted=weakness
question=['dark' 'darkest' 'wide' 'widest'], predicted=wider
question=['dark' 'darkest' 'young' 'youngest'], predicted=compatriots
question=['dark' 'darkest' 'bright' 'brightest'], predicted=kroq
question=['dark' 'darkest' 'cold' 'coldest'], predicted=privations
question=['dark' 'darkest' 'cool' 'coolest'], predicted=warm
question=['easy' 'easiest' 'fast' 'fastest'], predicted=spica
question=['easy' 'easiest' 'good' 'best'], predicted=bad
question=['easy' 'easiest' 'high' 'highest'], predicted=low
question=['easy' 'easiest' 'hot' 'hottest'], predicted=sirocco
question=['easy' 'easiest' 'large' 'largest'], predicted=small
question=['easy' 'easiest' 'long' 'longest'], predicted=short
question=['easy' 'easiest' 'low' 'lowest'], predicted=high
question=['easy' 'easiest' 'lucky' 'luckiest'], predicted=wag
question=['easy' 'easiest' 'old' 'oldest'], predicted=around
question=['easy' 'easiest' 'quick' 'quickest'], predicted=repositioning
question=['easy' 'easiest' 'sharp' 'sharpest'], predicted=trailing
question=['easy' 'easiest' 'short' 'shortest'], predicted=long
question=['easy' 'easiest' 'slow' 'slowest'], predicted=rotational
question=['easy' 'easiest' 'small' 'smallest'], predicted=large
question=['easy' 'easiest' 'smart' 'smartest'], predicted=bat
question=['easy' 'easiest' 'strange' 'strangest'], predicted=peculiar
question=['easy' 'easiest' 'sweet' 'sweetest'], predicted=caramel
question=['easy' 'easiest' 'tall' 'tallest'], predicted=pinnate
question=['easy' 'easiest' 'warm' 'warmest'], predicted=breezes
question=['easy' 'easiest' 'wide' 'widest'], predicted=wider
question=['easy' 'easiest' 'young' 'youngest'], predicted=compatriots
question=['easy' 'easiest' 'bad' 'worst'], predicted=luck
question=['easy' 'easiest' 'big' 'biggest'], predicted=bang
question=['easy' 'easiest' 'bright' 'brightest'], predicted=spica
question=['easy' 'easiest' 'cold' 'coldest'], predicted=dryness
question=['easy' 'easiest' 'cool' 'coolest'], predicted=breezes
question=['easy' 'easiest' 'dark' 'darkest'], predicted=astrometrics
question=['fast' 'fastest' 'good' 'best'], predicted=safest
question=['fast' 'fastest' 'hot' 'hottest'], predicted=humid
question=['fast' 'fastest' 'lucky' 'luckiest'], predicted=poorest
question=['fast' 'fastest' 'sharp' 'sharpest'], predicted=strongest
question=['fast' 'fastest' 'short' 'shortest'], predicted=longest
question=['fast' 'fastest' 'slow' 'slowest'], predicted=slowed
question=['fast' 'fastest' 'small' 'smallest'], predicted=largest
question=['fast' 'fastest' 'smart' 'smartest'], predicted=richest
question=['fast' 'fastest' 'strange' 'strangest'], predicted=strongest
question=['fast' 'fastest' 'sweet' 'sweetest'], predicted=manioc
question=['fast' 'fastest' 'warm' 'warmest'], predicted=temperate
question=['fast' 'fastest' 'weak' 'weakest'], predicted=strongest
question=['fast' 'fastest' 'wide' 'widest'], predicted=highest
question=['fast' 'fastest' 'bright' 'brightest'], predicted=undistinguished
question=['fast' 'fastest' 'cold' 'coldest'], predicted=temperate
question=['fast' 'fastest' 'cool' 'coolest'], predicted=hottest
question=['fast' 'fastest' 'dark' 'darkest'], predicted=unexplored
question=['fast' 'fastest' 'easy' 'easiest'], predicted=quickest
question=['good' 'best' 'hot' 'hottest'], predicted=pagal
question=['good' 'best' 'large' 'largest'], predicted=small
question=['good' 'best' 'long' 'longest'], predicted=short
question=['good' 'best' 'low' 'lowest'], predicted=high
question=['good' 'best' 'lucky' 'luckiest'], predicted=magnolias
question=['good' 'best' 'quick' 'quickest'], predicted=slow
question=['good' 'best' 'sharp' 'sharpest'], predicted=magnolias
question=['good' 'best' 'short' 'shortest'], predicted=pagal
question=['good' 'best' 'slow' 'slowest'], predicted=pagal
question=['good' 'best' 'small' 'smallest'], predicted=large
question=['good' 'best' 'smart' 'smartest'], predicted=gingold
question=['good' 'best' 'strange' 'strangest'], predicted=kwaidan
question=['good' 'best' 'sweet' 'sweetest'], predicted=pagal
question=['good' 'best' 'tall' 'tallest'], predicted=kistvaens
question=['good' 'best' 'warm' 'warmest'], predicted=paleogeography
question=['good' 'best' 'weak' 'weakest'], predicted=strongest
question=['good' 'best' 'wide' 'widest'], predicted=cine
question=['good' 'best' 'young' 'youngest'], predicted=pagal
question=['good' 'best' 'big' 'biggest'], predicted=blanchett
question=['good' 'best' 'cold' 'coldest'], predicted=pagal
question=['good' 'best' 'cool' 'coolest'], predicted=cine
question=['good' 'best' 'dark' 'darkest'], predicted=magnolias
question=['good' 'best' 'easy' 'easiest'], predicted=pagal
question=['good' 'best' 'fast' 'fastest'], predicted=slow
question=['great' 'greatest' 'high' 'highest'], predicted=low
question=['great' 'greatest' 'hot' 'hottest'], predicted=cool
question=['great' 'greatest' 'large' 'largest'], predicted=larger
question=['great' 'greatest' 'low' 'lowest'], predicted=high
question=['great' 'greatest' 'lucky' 'luckiest'], predicted=funniest
question=['great' 'greatest' 'old' 'oldest'], predicted=wisden
question=['great' 'greatest' 'quick' 'quickest'], predicted=sucessful
question=['great' 'greatest' 'sharp' 'sharpest'], predicted=superb
question=['great' 'greatest' 'simple' 'simplest'], predicted=typical
question=['great' 'greatest' 'short' 'shortest'], predicted=funniest
question=['great' 'greatest' 'slow' 'slowest'], predicted=fastest
question=['great' 'greatest' 'small' 'smallest'], predicted=large
question=['great' 'greatest' 'smart' 'smartest'], predicted=sexiest
question=['great' 'greatest' 'strange' 'strangest'], predicted=jeckel
question=['great' 'greatest' 'strong' 'strongest'], predicted=influential
question=['great' 'greatest' 'sweet' 'sweetest'], predicted=bittersweet
question=['great' 'greatest' 'tall' 'tallest'], predicted=sexiest
question=['great' 'greatest' 'warm' 'warmest'], predicted=cool
question=['great' 'greatest' 'wide' 'widest'], predicted=gifs
question=['great' 'greatest' 'young' 'youngest'], predicted=sexiest
question=['great' 'greatest' 'bad' 'worst'], predicted=funniest
question=['great' 'greatest' 'cold' 'coldest'], predicted=warm
question=['great' 'greatest' 'cool' 'coolest'], predicted=warm
question=['great' 'greatest' 'dark' 'darkest'], predicted=halos
question=['great' 'greatest' 'easy' 'easiest'], predicted=easier
question=['great' 'greatest' 'good' 'best'], predicted=bad
question=['high' 'highest' 'hot' 'hottest'], predicted=coldest
question=['high' 'highest' 'lucky' 'luckiest'], predicted=caldecott
question=['high' 'highest' 'quick' 'quickest'], predicted=snatcher
question=['high' 'highest' 'sharp' 'sharpest'], predicted=lowest
question=['high' 'highest' 'simple' 'simplest'], predicted=lowest
question=['high' 'highest' 'short' 'shortest'], predicted=longest
question=['high' 'highest' 'slow' 'slowest'], predicted=fastest
question=['high' 'highest' 'small' 'smallest'], predicted=largest
question=['high' 'highest' 'smart' 'smartest'], predicted=postel
question=['high' 'highest' 'strange' 'strangest'], predicted=lowest
question=['high' 'highest' 'sweet' 'sweetest'], predicted=topper
question=['high' 'highest' 'warm' 'warmest'], predicted=temperate
question=['high' 'highest' 'weak' 'weakest'], predicted=strongest
question=['high' 'highest' 'wide' 'widest'], predicted=largest
question=['high' 'highest' 'young' 'youngest'], predicted=handsomest
question=['high' 'highest' 'bright' 'brightest'], predicted=brighter
question=['high' 'highest' 'cool' 'coolest'], predicted=coldest
question=['high' 'highest' 'dark' 'darkest'], predicted=chalion
question=['high' 'highest' 'easy' 'easiest'], predicted=easier
question=['high' 'highest' 'good' 'best'], predicted=greatest
question=['hot' 'hottest' 'large' 'largest'], predicted=small
question=['hot' 'hottest' 'low' 'lowest'], predicted=high
question=['hot' 'hottest' 'lucky' 'luckiest'], predicted=aldiss
question=['hot' 'hottest' 'quick' 'quickest'], predicted=synergies
question=['hot' 'hottest' 'sharp' 'sharpest'], predicted=dramatic
question=['hot' 'hottest' 'simple' 'simplest'], predicted=possible
question=['hot' 'hottest' 'short' 'shortest'], predicted=novelizations
question=['hot' 'hottest' 'slow' 'slowest'], predicted=screened
question=['hot' 'hottest' 'small' 'smallest'], predicted=large
question=['hot' 'hottest' 'smart' 'smartest'], predicted=msrp
question=['hot' 'hottest' 'strange' 'strangest'], predicted=fictive
question=['hot' 'hottest' 'strong' 'strongest'], predicted=confucian
question=['hot' 'hottest' 'sweet' 'sweetest'], predicted=birthstone
question=['hot' 'hottest' 'tall' 'tallest'], predicted=taller
question=['hot' 'hottest' 'weak' 'weakest'], predicted=weaker
question=['hot' 'hottest' 'wide' 'widest'], predicted=wider
question=['hot' 'hottest' 'young' 'youngest'], predicted=children
question=['hot' 'hottest' 'bad' 'worst'], predicted=good
question=['hot' 'hottest' 'big' 'biggest'], predicted=missoula
question=['hot' 'hottest' 'bright' 'brightest'], predicted=brighter
question=['hot' 'hottest' 'cold' 'coldest'], predicted=frosts
question=['hot' 'hottest' 'cool' 'coolest'], predicted=coldest
question=['hot' 'hottest' 'dark' 'darkest'], predicted=coolest
question=['hot' 'hottest' 'easy' 'easiest'], predicted=easier
question=['hot' 'hottest' 'good' 'best'], predicted=bad
question=['hot' 'hottest' 'high' 'highest'], predicted=low
question=['large' 'largest' 'low' 'lowest'], predicted=highest
question=['large' 'largest' 'lucky' 'luckiest'], predicted=busiest
question=['large' 'largest' 'quick' 'quickest'], predicted=longest
question=['large' 'largest' 'sharp' 'sharpest'], predicted=biggest
question=['large' 'largest' 'simple' 'simplest'], predicted=oldest
question=['large' 'largest' 'short' 'shortest'], predicted=longest
question=['large' 'largest' 'slow' 'slowest'], predicted=fastest
question=['large' 'largest' 'small' 'smallest'], predicted=biggest
question=['large' 'largest' 'smart' 'smartest'], predicted=busiest
question=['large' 'largest' 'strange' 'strangest'], predicted=populous
question=['large' 'largest' 'sweet' 'sweetest'], predicted=lettuce
question=['large' 'largest' 'warm' 'warmest'], predicted=warmer
question=['large' 'largest' 'weak' 'weakest'], predicted=populous
question=['large' 'largest' 'wide' 'widest'], predicted=busiest
question=['large' 'largest' 'bad' 'worst'], predicted=biggest
question=['large' 'largest' 'cold' 'coldest'], predicted=winters
question=['large' 'largest' 'cool' 'coolest'], predicted=coldest
question=['large' 'largest' 'dark' 'darkest'], predicted=populous
question=['large' 'largest' 'easy' 'easiest'], predicted=easier
question=['large' 'largest' 'good' 'best'], predicted=biggest
question=['large' 'largest' 'great' 'greatest'], predicted=biggest
question=['large' 'largest' 'hot' 'hottest'], predicted=coldest
question=['long' 'longest' 'low' 'lowest'], predicted=highest
question=['long' 'longest' 'lucky' 'luckiest'], predicted=caper
question=['long' 'longest' 'quick' 'quickest'], predicted=lightest
question=['long' 'longest' 'sharp' 'sharpest'], predicted=steepest
question=['long' 'longest' 'slow' 'slowest'], predicted=northwesterly
question=['long' 'longest' 'small' 'smallest'], predicted=largest
question=['long' 'longest' 'smart' 'smartest'], predicted=bandstand
question=['long' 'longest' 'strange' 'strangest'], predicted=wonder
question=['long' 'longest' 'sweet' 'sweetest'], predicted=honey
question=['long' 'longest' 'warm' 'warmest'], predicted=humid
question=['long' 'longest' 'weak' 'weakest'], predicted=weaker
question=['long' 'longest' 'wide' 'widest'], predicted=quadrennial
question=['long' 'longest' 'bad' 'worst'], predicted=godesberg
question=['long' 'longest' 'bright' 'brightest'], predicted=brighter
question=['long' 'longest' 'cold' 'coldest'], predicted=humid
question=['long' 'longest' 'cool' 'coolest'], predicted=cooler
question=['long' 'longest' 'dark' 'darkest'], predicted=umbra
question=['long' 'longest' 'easy' 'easiest'], predicted=easier
question=['long' 'longest' 'good' 'best'], predicted=bad
question=['long' 'longest' 'hot' 'hottest'], predicted=humid
question=['low' 'lowest' 'lucky' 'luckiest'], predicted=honored
question=['low' 'lowest' 'quick' 'quickest'], predicted=numerically
question=['low' 'lowest' 'sharp' 'sharpest'], predicted=unaccented
question=['low' 'lowest' 'slow' 'slowest'], predicted=steepest
question=['low' 'lowest' 'smart' 'smartest'], predicted=homer
question=['low' 'lowest' 'strange' 'strangest'], predicted=plath
question=['low' 'lowest' 'strong' 'strongest'], predicted=highest
question=['low' 'lowest' 'sweet' 'sweetest'], predicted=fruits
question=['low' 'lowest' 'warm' 'warmest'], predicted=subtropical
question=['low' 'lowest' 'wide' 'widest'], predicted=highest
question=['low' 'lowest' 'bad' 'worst'], predicted=nahua
question=['low' 'lowest' 'big' 'biggest'], predicted=dugme
question=['low' 'lowest' 'cool' 'coolest'], predicted=coldest
question=['low' 'lowest' 'dark' 'darkest'], predicted=coldest
question=['low' 'lowest' 'fast' 'fastest'], predicted=steepest
question=['low' 'lowest' 'good' 'best'], predicted=laughs
question=['low' 'lowest' 'hot' 'hottest'], predicted=coldest
question=['lucky' 'luckiest' 'old' 'oldest'], predicted=every
question=['lucky' 'luckiest' 'quick' 'quickest'], predicted=shrunken
question=['lucky' 'luckiest' 'sharp' 'sharpest'], predicted=edge
question=['lucky' 'luckiest' 'simple' 'simplest'], predicted=typical
question=['lucky' 'luckiest' 'short' 'shortest'], predicted=last
question=['lucky' 'luckiest' 'slow' 'slowest'], predicted=slows
question=['lucky' 'luckiest' 'small' 'smallest'], predicted=large
question=['lucky' 'luckiest' 'smart' 'smartest'], predicted=tachikoma
question=['lucky' 'luckiest' 'strange' 'strangest'], predicted=propertyless
question=['lucky' 'luckiest' 'strong' 'strongest'], predicted=paternalism
question=['lucky' 'luckiest' 'sweet' 'sweetest'], predicted=puffed
question=['lucky' 'luckiest' 'tall' 'tallest'], predicted=presuppositions
question=['lucky' 'luckiest' 'warm' 'warmest'], predicted=blooded
question=['lucky' 'luckiest' 'weak' 'weakest'], predicted=propertyless
question=['lucky' 'luckiest' 'wide' 'widest'], predicted=wider
question=['lucky' 'luckiest' 'young' 'youngest'], predicted=childbearing
question=['lucky' 'luckiest' 'bad' 'worst'], predicted=good
question=['lucky' 'luckiest' 'big' 'biggest'], predicted=salsette
question=['lucky' 'luckiest' 'bright' 'brightest'], predicted=violets
question=['lucky' 'luckiest' 'cold' 'coldest'], predicted=thawing
question=['lucky' 'luckiest' 'cool' 'coolest'], predicted=warm
question=['lucky' 'luckiest' 'dark' 'darkest'], predicted=anthropocentric
question=['lucky' 'luckiest' 'easy' 'easiest'], predicted=suitable
question=['lucky' 'luckiest' 'fast' 'fastest'], predicted=cometh
question=['lucky' 'luckiest' 'good' 'best'], predicted=affectation
question=['lucky' 'luckiest' 'great' 'greatest'], predicted=eidolon
question=['lucky' 'luckiest' 'high' 'highest'], predicted=low
question=['lucky' 'luckiest' 'hot' 'hottest'], predicted=seeps
question=['lucky' 'luckiest' 'large' 'largest'], predicted=small
question=['lucky' 'luckiest' 'long' 'longest'], predicted=vagaries
question=['lucky' 'luckiest' 'low' 'lowest'], predicted=high
question=['old' 'oldest' 'quick' 'quickest'], predicted=crucial
question=['old' 'oldest' 'sharp' 'sharpest'], predicted=mandible
question=['old' 'oldest' 'short' 'shortest'], predicted=longest
question=['old' 'oldest' 'slow' 'slowest'], predicted=fastest
question=['old' 'oldest' 'small' 'smallest'], predicted=largest
question=['old' 'oldest' 'smart' 'smartest'], predicted=manned
question=['old' 'oldest' 'strange' 'strangest'], predicted=kind
question=['old' 'oldest' 'sweet' 'sweetest'], predicted=thyme
question=['old' 'oldest' 'warm' 'warmest'], predicted=humid
question=['old' 'oldest' 'weak' 'weakest'], predicted=strong
question=['old' 'oldest' 'wide' 'widest'], predicted=largest
question=['old' 'oldest' 'young' 'youngest'], predicted=youth
question=['old' 'oldest' 'bad' 'worst'], predicted=funniest
question=['old' 'oldest' 'big' 'biggest'], predicted=largest
question=['old' 'oldest' 'bright' 'brightest'], predicted=eso
question=['old' 'oldest' 'cold' 'coldest'], predicted=warm
question=['old' 'oldest' 'cool' 'coolest'], predicted=warm
question=['old' 'oldest' 'dark' 'darkest'], predicted=astrometrics
question=['old' 'oldest' 'easy' 'easiest'], predicted=difficult
question=['old' 'oldest' 'good' 'best'], predicted=excellent
question=['old' 'oldest' 'high' 'highest'], predicted=higher
question=['old' 'oldest' 'hot' 'hottest'], predicted=sirocco
question=['old' 'oldest' 'low' 'lowest'], predicted=higher
question=['old' 'oldest' 'lucky' 'luckiest'], predicted=finest
question=['quick' 'quickest' 'sharp' 'sharpest'], predicted=steepest
question=['quick' 'quickest' 'simple' 'simplest'], predicted=unmentioned
question=['quick' 'quickest' 'slow' 'slowest'], predicted=fastest
question=['quick' 'quickest' 'small' 'smallest'], predicted=large
question=['quick' 'quickest' 'smart' 'smartest'], predicted=starfire
question=['quick' 'quickest' 'strange' 'strangest'], predicted=enchanting
question=['quick' 'quickest' 'sweet' 'sweetest'], predicted=mochi
question=['quick' 'quickest' 'warm' 'warmest'], predicted=colder
question=['quick' 'quickest' 'weak' 'weakest'], predicted=weaker
question=['quick' 'quickest' 'wide' 'widest'], predicted=around
question=['quick' 'quickest' 'young' 'youngest'], predicted=adults
question=['quick' 'quickest' 'bad' 'worst'], predicted=godesberg
question=['quick' 'quickest' 'big' 'biggest'], predicted=zesi
question=['quick' 'quickest' 'bright' 'brightest'], predicted=brighter
question=['quick' 'quickest' 'cold' 'coldest'], predicted=hottest
question=['quick' 'quickest' 'cool' 'coolest'], predicted=coldest
question=['quick' 'quickest' 'dark' 'darkest'], predicted=chalion
question=['quick' 'quickest' 'easy' 'easiest'], predicted=easier
question=['quick' 'quickest' 'good' 'best'], predicted=bad
question=['quick' 'quickest' 'hot' 'hottest'], predicted=coldest
question=['quick' 'quickest' 'large' 'largest'], predicted=small
question=['quick' 'quickest' 'long' 'longest'], predicted=around
question=['quick' 'quickest' 'lucky' 'luckiest'], predicted=stefani
question=['quick' 'quickest' 'old' 'oldest'], predicted=truso
question=['sharp' 'sharpest' 'simple' 'simplest'], predicted=original
question=['sharp' 'sharpest' 'short' 'shortest'], predicted=long
question=['sharp' 'sharpest' 'slow' 'slowest'], predicted=reusing
question=['sharp' 'sharpest' 'small' 'smallest'], predicted=large
question=['sharp' 'sharpest' 'smart' 'smartest'], predicted=dumb
question=['sharp' 'sharpest' 'strange' 'strangest'], predicted=etchings
question=['sharp' 'sharpest' 'strong' 'strongest'], predicted=thankful
question=['sharp' 'sharpest' 'sweet' 'sweetest'], predicted=cakes
question=['sharp' 'sharpest' 'tall' 'tallest'], predicted=penon
question=['sharp' 'sharpest' 'warm' 'warmest'], predicted=gratified
question=['sharp' 'sharpest' 'weak' 'weakest'], predicted=couched
question=['sharp' 'sharpest' 'young' 'youngest'], predicted=inoculate
question=['sharp' 'sharpest' 'bad' 'worst'], predicted=good
question=['sharp' 'sharpest' 'big' 'biggest'], predicted=whoop
question=['sharp' 'sharpest' 'bright' 'brightest'], predicted=outcrop
question=['sharp' 'sharpest' 'cold' 'coldest'], predicted=grueling
question=['sharp' 'sharpest' 'cool' 'coolest'], predicted=hot
question=['sharp' 'sharpest' 'dark' 'darkest'], predicted=mutagen
question=['sharp' 'sharpest' 'easy' 'easiest'], predicted=easier
question=['sharp' 'sharpest' 'fast' 'fastest'], predicted=simple
question=['sharp' 'sharpest' 'good' 'best'], predicted=thankful
question=['sharp' 'sharpest' 'great' 'greatest'], predicted=immense
question=['sharp' 'sharpest' 'high' 'highest'], predicted=however
question=['sharp' 'sharpest' 'hot' 'hottest'], predicted=gazpacho
question=['sharp' 'sharpest' 'large' 'largest'], predicted=small
question=['sharp' 'sharpest' 'long' 'longest'], predicted=only
question=['sharp' 'sharpest' 'low' 'lowest'], predicted=high
question=['sharp' 'sharpest' 'lucky' 'luckiest'], predicted=thankful
question=['sharp' 'sharpest' 'old' 'oldest'], predicted=original
question=['sharp' 'sharpest' 'quick' 'quickest'], predicted=cheque
question=['simple' 'simplest' 'short' 'shortest'], predicted=long
question=['simple' 'simplest' 'slow' 'slowest'], predicted=fastest
question=['simple' 'simplest' 'small' 'smallest'], predicted=large
question=['simple' 'simplest' 'smart' 'smartest'], predicted=collingridge
question=['simple' 'simplest' 'strange' 'strangest'], predicted=encounters
question=['simple' 'simplest' 'sweet' 'sweetest'], predicted=carbonated
question=['simple' 'simplest' 'tall' 'tallest'], predicted=taller
question=['simple' 'simplest' 'warm' 'warmest'], predicted=humid
question=['simple' 'simplest' 'weak' 'weakest'], predicted=strongest
question=['simple' 'simplest' 'young' 'youngest'], predicted=girls
question=['simple' 'simplest' 'bad' 'worst'], predicted=luck
question=['simple' 'simplest' 'big' 'biggest'], predicted=bang
question=['simple' 'simplest' 'bright' 'brightest'], predicted=greenish
question=['simple' 'simplest' 'cold' 'coldest'], predicted=warm
question=['simple' 'simplest' 'cool' 'coolest'], predicted=warm
question=['simple' 'simplest' 'dark' 'darkest'], predicted=isotropy
question=['simple' 'simplest' 'good' 'best'], predicted=bad
question=['simple' 'simplest' 'great' 'greatest'], predicted=strongest
question=['simple' 'simplest' 'high' 'highest'], predicted=low
question=['simple' 'simplest' 'hot' 'hottest'], predicted=humid
question=['simple' 'simplest' 'large' 'largest'], predicted=small
question=['simple' 'simplest' 'low' 'lowest'], predicted=high
question=['simple' 'simplest' 'lucky' 'luckiest'], predicted=wilbury
question=['simple' 'simplest' 'quick' 'quickest'], predicted=stopgap
question=['simple' 'simplest' 'sharp' 'sharpest'], predicted=strongest
question=['short' 'shortest' 'slow' 'slowest'], predicted=fastest
question=['short' 'shortest' 'smart' 'smartest'], predicted=sysop
question=['short' 'shortest' 'strange' 'strangest'], predicted=puzzling
question=['short' 'shortest' 'strong' 'strongest'], predicted=anglosphere
question=['short' 'shortest' 'sweet' 'sweetest'], predicted=lettuce
question=['short' 'shortest' 'tall' 'tallest'], predicted=steepest
question=['short' 'shortest' 'warm' 'warmest'], predicted=humid
question=['short' 'shortest' 'weak' 'weakest'], predicted=unphysical
question=['short' 'shortest' 'wide' 'widest'], predicted=steepest
question=['short' 'shortest' 'bad' 'worst'], predicted=knows
question=['short' 'shortest' 'big' 'biggest'], predicted=ankobra
question=['short' 'shortest' 'bright' 'brightest'], predicted=brighter
question=['short' 'shortest' 'cold' 'coldest'], predicted=warm
question=['short' 'shortest' 'cool' 'coolest'], predicted=humid
question=['short' 'shortest' 'dark' 'darkest'], predicted=umbra
question=['short' 'shortest' 'easy' 'easiest'], predicted=easier
question=['short' 'shortest' 'good' 'best'], predicted=ptb
question=['short' 'shortest' 'great' 'greatest'], predicted=shallowest
question=['short' 'shortest' 'hot' 'hottest'], predicted=humid
question=['short' 'shortest' 'large' 'largest'], predicted=vast
question=['short' 'shortest' 'low' 'lowest'], predicted=steepest
question=['short' 'shortest' 'lucky' 'luckiest'], predicted=knows
question=['short' 'shortest' 'quick' 'quickest'], predicted=substring
question=['short' 'shortest' 'sharp' 'sharpest'], predicted=steepest
question=['short' 'shortest' 'simple' 'simplest'], predicted=kruskal
question=['slow' 'slowest' 'small' 'smallest'], predicted=single
question=['slow' 'slowest' 'smart' 'smartest'], predicted=manhattan
question=['slow' 'slowest' 'strange' 'strangest'], predicted=coronets
question=['slow' 'slowest' 'sweet' 'sweetest'], predicted=plum
question=['slow' 'slowest' 'tall' 'tallest'], predicted=feet
question=['slow' 'slowest' 'warm' 'warmest'], predicted=cooler
question=['slow' 'slowest' 'weak' 'weakest'], predicted=fdm
question=['slow' 'slowest' 'young' 'youngest'], predicted=girls
question=['slow' 'slowest' 'bad' 'worst'], predicted=good
question=['slow' 'slowest' 'big' 'biggest'], predicted=finian
question=['slow' 'slowest' 'bright' 'brightest'], predicted=dimmer
question=['slow' 'slowest' 'cold' 'coldest'], predicted=penetrative
question=['slow' 'slowest' 'cool' 'coolest'], predicted=coldest
question=['slow' 'slowest' 'dark' 'darkest'], predicted=umbra
question=['slow' 'slowest' 'easy' 'easiest'], predicted=extracode
question=['slow' 'slowest' 'fast' 'fastest'], predicted=fallback
question=['slow' 'slowest' 'good' 'best'], predicted=codeword
question=['slow' 'slowest' 'high' 'highest'], predicted=lower
question=['slow' 'slowest' 'hot' 'hottest'], predicted=hotline
question=['slow' 'slowest' 'large' 'largest'], predicted=larger
question=['slow' 'slowest' 'long' 'longest'], predicted=terabyte
question=['slow' 'slowest' 'low' 'lowest'], predicted=fallback
question=['slow' 'slowest' 'lucky' 'luckiest'], predicted=hitter
question=['slow' 'slowest' 'old' 'oldest'], predicted=grader
question=['slow' 'slowest' 'quick' 'quickest'], predicted=sniping
question=['slow' 'slowest' 'sharp' 'sharpest'], predicted=sigmoid
question=['slow' 'slowest' 'short' 'shortest'], predicted=long
question=['small' 'smallest' 'smart' 'smartest'], predicted=spi
question=['small' 'smallest' 'strange' 'strangest'], predicted=quark
question=['small' 'smallest' 'sweet' 'sweetest'], predicted=pastries
question=['small' 'smallest' 'warm' 'warmest'], predicted=wetter
question=['small' 'smallest' 'wide' 'widest'], predicted=arcseconds
question=['small' 'smallest' 'young' 'youngest'], predicted=sommers
question=['small' 'smallest' 'bad' 'worst'], predicted=jinx
question=['small' 'smallest' 'big' 'biggest'], predicted=dipper
question=['small' 'smallest' 'bright' 'brightest'], predicted=proxima
question=['small' 'smallest' 'cold' 'coldest'], predicted=warm
question=['small' 'smallest' 'cool' 'coolest'], predicted=coldest
question=['small' 'smallest' 'dark' 'darkest'], predicted=baryonic
question=['small' 'smallest' 'easy' 'easiest'], predicted=easier
question=['small' 'smallest' 'good' 'best'], predicted=bad
question=['small' 'smallest' 'hot' 'hottest'], predicted=coldest
question=['small' 'smallest' 'lucky' 'luckiest'], predicted=transuranium
question=['small' 'smallest' 'quick' 'quickest'], predicted=diskettes
question=['small' 'smallest' 'sharp' 'sharpest'], predicted=sigmoid
question=['small' 'smallest' 'simple' 'simplest'], predicted=expressible
question=['small' 'smallest' 'slow' 'slowest'], predicted=slows
question=['smart' 'smartest' 'strange' 'strangest'], predicted=inexplicable
question=['smart' 'smartest' 'sweet' 'sweetest'], predicted=artichokes
question=['smart' 'smartest' 'tall' 'tallest'], predicted=feet
question=['smart' 'smartest' 'warm' 'warmest'], predicted=humid
question=['smart' 'smartest' 'weak' 'weakest'], predicted=strong
question=['smart' 'smartest' 'wide' 'widest'], predicted=broad
question=['smart' 'smartest' 'young' 'youngest'], predicted=stonyhurst
question=['smart' 'smartest' 'bad' 'worst'], predicted=evil
question=['smart' 'smartest' 'big' 'biggest'], predicted=dugme
question=['smart' 'smartest' 'bright' 'brightest'], predicted=ophiuchus
question=['smart' 'smartest' 'cold' 'coldest'], predicted=summers
question=['smart' 'smartest' 'cool' 'coolest'], predicted=summers
question=['smart' 'smartest' 'dark' 'darkest'], predicted=mangaverse
question=['smart' 'smartest' 'easy' 'easiest'], predicted=doraemons
question=['smart' 'smartest' 'good' 'best'], predicted=derkins
question=['smart' 'smartest' 'hot' 'hottest'], predicted=cold
question=['smart' 'smartest' 'large' 'largest'], predicted=small
question=['smart' 'smartest' 'long' 'longest'], predicted=short
question=['smart' 'smartest' 'low' 'lowest'], predicted=high
question=['smart' 'smartest' 'lucky' 'luckiest'], predicted=doraemons
question=['smart' 'smartest' 'old' 'oldest'], predicted=doraemons
question=['smart' 'smartest' 'quick' 'quickest'], predicted=pipp
question=['smart' 'smartest' 'sharp' 'sharpest'], predicted=pipp
question=['smart' 'smartest' 'short' 'shortest'], predicted=doraemons
question=['smart' 'smartest' 'slow' 'slowest'], predicted=shrouded
question=['smart' 'smartest' 'small' 'smallest'], predicted=large
question=['strange' 'strangest' 'strong' 'strongest'], predicted=vigorous
question=['strange' 'strangest' 'sweet' 'sweetest'], predicted=toasted
question=['strange' 'strangest' 'tall' 'tallest'], predicted=girders
question=['strange' 'strangest' 'warm' 'warmest'], predicted=colder
question=['strange' 'strangest' 'weak' 'weakest'], predicted=stronger
question=['strange' 'strangest' 'wide' 'widest'], predicted=wider
question=['strange' 'strangest' 'young' 'youngest'], predicted=youth
question=['strange' 'strangest' 'bad' 'worst'], predicted=good
question=['strange' 'strangest' 'big' 'biggest'], predicted=userspace
question=['strange' 'strangest' 'bright' 'brightest'], predicted=greenish
question=['strange' 'strangest' 'cold' 'coldest'], predicted=warm
question=['strange' 'strangest' 'cool' 'coolest'], predicted=warm
question=['strange' 'strangest' 'dark' 'darkest'], predicted=mutagen
question=['strange' 'strangest' 'easy' 'easiest'], predicted=easier
question=['strange' 'strangest' 'fast' 'fastest'], predicted=slow
question=['strange' 'strangest' 'good' 'best'], predicted=truest
question=['strange' 'strangest' 'high' 'highest'], predicted=low
question=['strange' 'strangest' 'hot' 'hottest'], predicted=cold
question=['strange' 'strangest' 'large' 'largest'], predicted=small
question=['strange' 'strangest' 'long' 'longest'], predicted=longer
question=['strange' 'strangest' 'low' 'lowest'], predicted=high
question=['strange' 'strangest' 'lucky' 'luckiest'], predicted=meer
question=['strange' 'strangest' 'old' 'oldest'], predicted=last
question=['strange' 'strangest' 'quick' 'quickest'], predicted=consonances
question=['strange' 'strangest' 'sharp' 'sharpest'], predicted=sigmoid
question=['strange' 'strangest' 'simple' 'simplest'], predicted=repl
question=['strange' 'strangest' 'short' 'shortest'], predicted=long
question=['strange' 'strangest' 'slow' 'slowest'], predicted=consonances
question=['strange' 'strangest' 'small' 'smallest'], predicted=large
question=['strange' 'strangest' 'smart' 'smartest'], predicted=spoofing
question=['strong' 'strongest' 'sweet' 'sweetest'], predicted=lettuce
question=['strong' 'strongest' 'warm' 'warmest'], predicted=livor
question=['strong' 'strongest' 'bright' 'brightest'], predicted=brighter
question=['strong' 'strongest' 'cold' 'coldest'], predicted=livor
question=['strong' 'strongest' 'cool' 'coolest'], predicted=coldest
question=['strong' 'strongest' 'dark' 'darkest'], predicted=livor
question=['strong' 'strongest' 'easy' 'easiest'], predicted=easier
question=['strong' 'strongest' 'hot' 'hottest'], predicted=seeps
question=['strong' 'strongest' 'low' 'lowest'], predicted=lower
question=['strong' 'strongest' 'lucky' 'luckiest'], predicted=deadliest
question=['strong' 'strongest' 'quick' 'quickest'], predicted=cocked
question=['strong' 'strongest' 'sharp' 'sharpest'], predicted=jaw
question=['strong' 'strongest' 'short' 'shortest'], predicted=shorter
question=['strong' 'strongest' 'slow' 'slowest'], predicted=fastest
question=['strong' 'strongest' 'small' 'smallest'], predicted=smaller
question=['strong' 'strongest' 'smart' 'smartest'], predicted=ugliest
question=['strong' 'strongest' 'strange' 'strangest'], predicted=puzzling
question=['sweet' 'sweetest' 'tall' 'tallest'], predicted=taunted
question=['sweet' 'sweetest' 'warm' 'warmest'], predicted=desert
question=['sweet' 'sweetest' 'weak' 'weakest'], predicted=shuloch
question=['sweet' 'sweetest' 'wide' 'widest'], predicted=wider
question=['sweet' 'sweetest' 'young' 'youngest'], predicted=taunted
question=['sweet' 'sweetest' 'bad' 'worst'], predicted=good
question=['sweet' 'sweetest' 'big' 'biggest'], predicted=bullshit
question=['sweet' 'sweetest' 'bright' 'brightest'], predicted=brighter
question=['sweet' 'sweetest' 'cold' 'coldest'], predicted=outed
question=['sweet' 'sweetest' 'cool' 'coolest'], predicted=alive
question=['sweet' 'sweetest' 'dark' 'darkest'], predicted=butlerian
question=['sweet' 'sweetest' 'easy' 'easiest'], predicted=ridiculously
question=['sweet' 'sweetest' 'fast' 'fastest'], predicted=indefinitely
question=['sweet' 'sweetest' 'good' 'best'], predicted=thankful
question=['sweet' 'sweetest' 'high' 'highest'], predicted=low
question=['sweet' 'sweetest' 'hot' 'hottest'], predicted=apologizes
question=['sweet' 'sweetest' 'large' 'largest'], predicted=small
question=['sweet' 'sweetest' 'long' 'longest'], predicted=short
question=['sweet' 'sweetest' 'low' 'lowest'], predicted=high
question=['sweet' 'sweetest' 'lucky' 'luckiest'], predicted=taunted
question=['sweet' 'sweetest' 'old' 'oldest'], predicted=taunted
question=['sweet' 'sweetest' 'quick' 'quickest'], predicted=outed
question=['sweet' 'sweetest' 'sharp' 'sharpest'], predicted=asks
question=['sweet' 'sweetest' 'simple' 'simplest'], predicted=authenticate
question=['sweet' 'sweetest' 'short' 'shortest'], predicted=outed
question=['sweet' 'sweetest' 'slow' 'slowest'], predicted=envisions
question=['sweet' 'sweetest' 'small' 'smallest'], predicted=large
question=['sweet' 'sweetest' 'smart' 'smartest'], predicted=cnbc
question=['sweet' 'sweetest' 'strange' 'strangest'], predicted=brak
question=['sweet' 'sweetest' 'strong' 'strongest'], predicted=freelancer
question=['tall' 'tallest' 'warm' 'warmest'], predicted=humid
question=['tall' 'tallest' 'weak' 'weakest'], predicted=weaker
question=['tall' 'tallest' 'wide' 'widest'], predicted=largest
question=['tall' 'tallest' 'young' 'youngest'], predicted=eszterh
question=['tall' 'tallest' 'bad' 'worst'], predicted=good
question=['tall' 'tallest' 'big' 'biggest'], predicted=dipper
question=['tall' 'tallest' 'cold' 'coldest'], predicted=warm
question=['tall' 'tallest' 'cool' 'coolest'], predicted=warm
question=['tall' 'tallest' 'dark' 'darkest'], predicted=umbra
question=['tall' 'tallest' 'easy' 'easiest'], predicted=easier
question=['tall' 'tallest' 'good' 'best'], predicted=bad
question=['tall' 'tallest' 'hot' 'hottest'], predicted=humid
question=['tall' 'tallest' 'large' 'largest'], predicted=huge
question=['tall' 'tallest' 'low' 'lowest'], predicted=high
question=['tall' 'tallest' 'lucky' 'luckiest'], predicted=skyscraper
question=['tall' 'tallest' 'quick' 'quickest'], predicted=thumbnails
question=['tall' 'tallest' 'sharp' 'sharpest'], predicted=lopsided
question=['tall' 'tallest' 'short' 'shortest'], predicted=brief
question=['tall' 'tallest' 'slow' 'slowest'], predicted=gradual
question=['tall' 'tallest' 'small' 'smallest'], predicted=large
question=['tall' 'tallest' 'smart' 'smartest'], predicted=spaceprobe
question=['tall' 'tallest' 'strange' 'strangest'], predicted=chaotic
question=['tall' 'tallest' 'sweet' 'sweetest'], predicted=liqueurs
question=['warm' 'warmest' 'weak' 'weakest'], predicted=cratering
question=['warm' 'warmest' 'wide' 'widest'], predicted=interquartile
question=['warm' 'warmest' 'young' 'youngest'], predicted=werther
question=['warm' 'warmest' 'bad' 'worst'], predicted=draconic
question=['warm' 'warmest' 'big' 'biggest'], predicted=coolest
question=['warm' 'warmest' 'bright' 'brightest'], predicted=coolest
question=['warm' 'warmest' 'cool' 'coolest'], predicted=coldest
question=['warm' 'warmest' 'dark' 'darkest'], predicted=draconic
question=['warm' 'warmest' 'easy' 'easiest'], predicted=impossible
question=['warm' 'warmest' 'fast' 'fastest'], predicted=tevet
question=['warm' 'warmest' 'good' 'best'], predicted=sunniest
question=['warm' 'warmest' 'great' 'greatest'], predicted=considerable
question=['warm' 'warmest' 'high' 'highest'], predicted=low
question=['warm' 'warmest' 'hot' 'hottest'], predicted=coldest
question=['warm' 'warmest' 'large' 'largest'], predicted=small
question=['warm' 'warmest' 'long' 'longest'], predicted=short
question=['warm' 'warmest' 'low' 'lowest'], predicted=high
question=['warm' 'warmest' 'lucky' 'luckiest'], predicted=draconic
question=['warm' 'warmest' 'old' 'oldest'], predicted=eostremonat
question=['warm' 'warmest' 'quick' 'quickest'], predicted=dhrystone
question=['warm' 'warmest' 'sharp' 'sharpest'], predicted=maximums
question=['warm' 'warmest' 'simple' 'simplest'], predicted=monotonic
question=['warm' 'warmest' 'short' 'shortest'], predicted=anomalistic
question=['warm' 'warmest' 'slow' 'slowest'], predicted=gradual
question=['warm' 'warmest' 'small' 'smallest'], predicted=large
question=['warm' 'warmest' 'smart' 'smartest'], predicted=gillmor
question=['warm' 'warmest' 'strange' 'strangest'], predicted=gaspra
question=['warm' 'warmest' 'strong' 'strongest'], predicted=significant
question=['warm' 'warmest' 'sweet' 'sweetest'], predicted=dogwood
question=['warm' 'warmest' 'tall' 'tallest'], predicted=inches
question=['weak' 'weakest' 'wide' 'widest'], predicted=wider
question=['weak' 'weakest' 'young' 'youngest'], predicted=boulting
question=['weak' 'weakest' 'bad' 'worst'], predicted=funniest
question=['weak' 'weakest' 'bright' 'brightest'], predicted=sky
question=['weak' 'weakest' 'cold' 'coldest'], predicted=sellout
question=['weak' 'weakest' 'cool' 'coolest'], predicted=coldest
question=['weak' 'weakest' 'dark' 'darkest'], predicted=sky
question=['weak' 'weakest' 'easy' 'easiest'], predicted=easier
question=['weak' 'weakest' 'fast' 'fastest'], predicted=segment
question=['weak' 'weakest' 'hot' 'hottest'], predicted=coldest
question=['weak' 'weakest' 'large' 'largest'], predicted=huge
question=['weak' 'weakest' 'low' 'lowest'], predicted=high
question=['weak' 'weakest' 'lucky' 'luckiest'], predicted=cnbc
question=['weak' 'weakest' 'quick' 'quickest'], predicted=clack
question=['weak' 'weakest' 'sharp' 'sharpest'], predicted=emmerdale
question=['weak' 'weakest' 'simple' 'simplest'], predicted=interlocked
question=['weak' 'weakest' 'short' 'shortest'], predicted=twisters
question=['weak' 'weakest' 'slow' 'slowest'], predicted=erratically
question=['weak' 'weakest' 'small' 'smallest'], predicted=large
question=['weak' 'weakest' 'smart' 'smartest'], predicted=cnbc
question=['weak' 'weakest' 'strange' 'strangest'], predicted=jeckel
question=['weak' 'weakest' 'strong' 'strongest'], predicted=famous
question=['weak' 'weakest' 'sweet' 'sweetest'], predicted=bittersweet
question=['weak' 'weakest' 'tall' 'tallest'], predicted=ft
question=['weak' 'weakest' 'warm' 'warmest'], predicted=warmer
question=['wide' 'widest' 'young' 'youngest'], predicted=marriageable
question=['wide' 'widest' 'bad' 'worst'], predicted=godesberg
question=['wide' 'widest' 'big' 'biggest'], predicted=wallop
question=['wide' 'widest' 'bright' 'brightest'], predicted=brightness
question=['wide' 'widest' 'cold' 'coldest'], predicted=warm
question=['wide' 'widest' 'cool' 'coolest'], predicted=warm
question=['wide' 'widest' 'dark' 'darkest'], predicted=noir
question=['wide' 'widest' 'easy' 'easiest'], predicted=easier
question=['wide' 'widest' 'fast' 'fastest'], predicted=montauk
question=['wide' 'widest' 'good' 'best'], predicted=bad
question=['wide' 'widest' 'great' 'greatest'], predicted=karkar
question=['wide' 'widest' 'high' 'highest'], predicted=low
question=['wide' 'widest' 'hot' 'hottest'], predicted=cloudy
question=['wide' 'widest' 'large' 'largest'], predicted=small
question=['wide' 'widest' 'low' 'lowest'], predicted=high
question=['wide' 'widest' 'lucky' 'luckiest'], predicted=bum
question=['wide' 'widest' 'old' 'oldest'], predicted=blackheath
question=['wide' 'widest' 'quick' 'quickest'], predicted=easy
question=['wide' 'widest' 'sharp' 'sharpest'], predicted=asymptote
question=['wide' 'widest' 'short' 'shortest'], predicted=sdr
question=['wide' 'widest' 'slow' 'slowest'], predicted=slower
question=['wide' 'widest' 'small' 'smallest'], predicted=large
question=['wide' 'widest' 'smart' 'smartest'], predicted=seaworthy
question=['wide' 'widest' 'strange' 'strangest'], predicted=wakes
question=['wide' 'widest' 'strong' 'strongest'], predicted=weak
question=['wide' 'widest' 'sweet' 'sweetest'], predicted=pecans
question=['wide' 'widest' 'tall' 'tallest'], predicted=feet
question=['wide' 'widest' 'warm' 'warmest'], predicted=cooler
question=['wide' 'widest' 'weak' 'weakest'], predicted=resh
question=['young' 'youngest' 'bad' 'worst'], predicted=charting
question=['young' 'youngest' 'bright' 'brightest'], predicted=brighter
question=['young' 'youngest' 'cold' 'coldest'], predicted=paleogeography
question=['young' 'youngest' 'cool' 'coolest'], predicted=coldest
question=['young' 'youngest' 'dark' 'darkest'], predicted=umbra
question=['young' 'youngest' 'easy' 'easiest'], predicted=impossible
question=['young' 'youngest' 'good' 'best'], predicted=firm
question=['young' 'youngest' 'hot' 'hottest'], predicted=coldest
question=['young' 'youngest' 'low' 'lowest'], predicted=lower
question=['young' 'youngest' 'lucky' 'luckiest'], predicted=dealership
question=['young' 'youngest' 'quick' 'quickest'], predicted=disclosed
question=['young' 'youngest' 'sharp' 'sharpest'], predicted=killebrew
question=['young' 'youngest' 'simple' 'simplest'], predicted=qsort
question=['young' 'youngest' 'short' 'shortest'], predicted=longest
question=['young' 'youngest' 'slow' 'slowest'], predicted=fastest
question=['young' 'youngest' 'small' 'smallest'], predicted=largest
question=['young' 'youngest' 'smart' 'smartest'], predicted=dau
question=['young' 'youngest' 'strange' 'strangest'], predicted=lowly
question=['young' 'youngest' 'sweet' 'sweetest'], predicted=hides
question=['young' 'youngest' 'warm' 'warmest'], predicted=humid
question=['young' 'youngest' 'weak' 'weakest'], predicted=unstable
question=['code' 'coding' 'dance' 'dancing'], predicted=ailey
question=['code' 'coding' 'debug' 'debugging'], predicted=genotypes
question=['code' 'coding' 'decrease' 'decreasing'], predicted=increase
question=['code' 'coding' 'describe' 'describing'], predicted=characterize
question=['code' 'coding' 'discover' 'discovering'], predicted=astrophysicists
question=['code' 'coding' 'enhance' 'enhancing'], predicted=improve
question=['code' 'coding' 'fly' 'flying'], predicted=apertures
question=['code' 'coding' 'generate' 'generating'], predicted=produce
question=['code' 'coding' 'go' 'going'], predicted=come
question=['code' 'coding' 'implement' 'implementing'], predicted=quantization
question=['code' 'coding' 'increase' 'increasing'], predicted=decrease
question=['code' 'coding' 'invent' 'inventing'], predicted=stochastic
question=['code' 'coding' 'jump' 'jumping'], predicted=jumps
question=['code' 'coding' 'listen' 'listening'], predicted=audio
question=['code' 'coding' 'look' 'looking'], predicted=interpolate
question=['code' 'coding' 'predict' 'predicting'], predicted=quadrupole
question=['code' 'coding' 'read' 'reading'], predicted=write
question=['code' 'coding' 'run' 'running'], predicted=turnouts
question=['code' 'coding' 'say' 'saying'], predicted=assume
question=['code' 'coding' 'scream' 'screaming'], predicted=olfaction
question=['code' 'coding' 'see' 'seeing'], predicted=quantization
question=['code' 'coding' 'shuffle' 'shuffling'], predicted=quantization
question=['code' 'coding' 'sing' 'singing'], predicted=sings
question=['code' 'coding' 'slow' 'slowing'], predicted=noisy
question=['code' 'coding' 'swim' 'swimming'], predicted=halophiles
question=['code' 'coding' 'think' 'thinking'], predicted=know
question=['code' 'coding' 'vanish' 'vanishing'], predicted=quadrupole
question=['code' 'coding' 'write' 'writing'], predicted=read
question=['dance' 'dancing' 'debug' 'debugging'], predicted=recompiled
question=['dance' 'dancing' 'decrease' 'decreasing'], predicted=increase
question=['dance' 'dancing' 'describe' 'describing'], predicted=refer
question=['dance' 'dancing' 'discover' 'discovering'], predicted=find
question=['dance' 'dancing' 'enhance' 'enhancing'], predicted=improve
question=['dance' 'dancing' 'generate' 'generating'], predicted=generated
question=['dance' 'dancing' 'implement' 'implementing'], predicted=loopholes
question=['dance' 'dancing' 'increase' 'increasing'], predicted=decrease
question=['dance' 'dancing' 'invent' 'inventing'], predicted=know
question=['dance' 'dancing' 'jump' 'jumping'], predicted=salchow
question=['dance' 'dancing' 'listen' 'listening'], predicted=hear
question=['dance' 'dancing' 'look' 'looking'], predicted=looks
question=['dance' 'dancing' 'predict' 'predicting'], predicted=determine
question=['dance' 'dancing' 'read' 'reading'], predicted=write
question=['dance' 'dancing' 'say' 'saying'], predicted=know
question=['dance' 'dancing' 'scream' 'screaming'], predicted=rippled
question=['dance' 'dancing' 'see' 'seeing'], predicted=this
question=['dance' 'dancing' 'shuffle' 'shuffling'], predicted=banging
question=['dance' 'dancing' 'sing' 'singing'], predicted=moaning
question=['dance' 'dancing' 'slow' 'slowing'], predicted=inefficient
question=['dance' 'dancing' 'swim' 'swimming'], predicted=eventing
question=['dance' 'dancing' 'think' 'thinking'], predicted=know
question=['dance' 'dancing' 'vanish' 'vanishing'], predicted=forbear
question=['dance' 'dancing' 'write' 'writing'], predicted=read
question=['dance' 'dancing' 'code' 'coding'], predicted=codes
question=['debug' 'debugging' 'decrease' 'decreasing'], predicted=increase
question=['debug' 'debugging' 'discover' 'discovering'], predicted=discovery
question=['debug' 'debugging' 'enhance' 'enhancing'], predicted=tracers
question=['debug' 'debugging' 'fly' 'flying'], predicted=flew
question=['debug' 'debugging' 'generate' 'generating'], predicted=generated
question=['debug' 'debugging' 'go' 'going'], predicted=went
question=['debug' 'debugging' 'implement' 'implementing'], predicted=pnni
question=['debug' 'debugging' 'increase' 'increasing'], predicted=decrease
question=['debug' 'debugging' 'invent' 'inventing'], predicted=bayer
question=['debug' 'debugging' 'jump' 'jumping'], predicted=jumps
question=['debug' 'debugging' 'listen' 'listening'], predicted=ctis
question=['debug' 'debugging' 'predict' 'predicting'], predicted=prediction
question=['debug' 'debugging' 'read' 'reading'], predicted=write
question=['debug' 'debugging' 'scream' 'screaming'], predicted=manos
question=['debug' 'debugging' 'see' 'seeing'], predicted=history
question=['debug' 'debugging' 'shuffle' 'shuffling'], predicted=banging
question=['debug' 'debugging' 'sing' 'singing'], predicted=lads
question=['debug' 'debugging' 'sit' 'sitting'], predicted=sitis
question=['debug' 'debugging' 'slow' 'slowing'], predicted=fast
question=['debug' 'debugging' 'swim' 'swimming'], predicted=latrine
question=['debug' 'debugging' 'think' 'thinking'], predicted=know
question=['debug' 'debugging' 'vanish' 'vanishing'], predicted=annihilates
question=['debug' 'debugging' 'code' 'coding'], predicted=codes
question=['debug' 'debugging' 'dance' 'dancing'], predicted=funk
question=['decrease' 'decreasing' 'describe' 'describing'], predicted=refer
question=['decrease' 'decreasing' 'discover' 'discovering'], predicted=discovers
question=['decrease' 'decreasing' 'fly' 'flying'], predicted=flies
question=['decrease' 'decreasing' 'generate' 'generating'], predicted=generated
question=['decrease' 'decreasing' 'invent' 'inventing'], predicted=soren
question=['decrease' 'decreasing' 'jump' 'jumping'], predicted=jumps
question=['decrease' 'decreasing' 'listen' 'listening'], predicted=streamed
question=['decrease' 'decreasing' 'look' 'looking'], predicted=looked
question=['decrease' 'decreasing' 'move' 'moving'], predicted=moves
question=['decrease' 'decreasing' 'play' 'playing'], predicted=played
question=['decrease' 'decreasing' 'predict' 'predicting'], predicted=superstring
question=['decrease' 'decreasing' 'read' 'reading'], predicted=write
question=['decrease' 'decreasing' 'say' 'saying'], predicted=says
question=['decrease' 'decreasing' 'scream' 'screaming'], predicted=blacula
question=['decrease' 'decreasing' 'see' 'seeing'], predicted=external
question=['decrease' 'decreasing' 'shuffle' 'shuffling'], predicted=ickey
question=['decrease' 'decreasing' 'sing' 'singing'], predicted=jeannie
question=['decrease' 'decreasing' 'sit' 'sitting'], predicted=sitis
question=['decrease' 'decreasing' 'slow' 'slowing'], predicted=fast
question=['decrease' 'decreasing' 'swim' 'swimming'], predicted=barnum
question=['decrease' 'decreasing' 'think' 'thinking'], predicted=know
question=['decrease' 'decreasing' 'vanish' 'vanishing'], predicted=irrationals
question=['decrease' 'decreasing' 'write' 'writing'], predicted=read
question=['decrease' 'decreasing' 'code' 'coding'], predicted=cctld
question=['decrease' 'decreasing' 'dance' 'dancing'], predicted=ailey
question=['decrease' 'decreasing' 'debug' 'debugging'], predicted=mingw
question=['describe' 'describing' 'fly' 'flying'], predicted=flew
question=['describe' 'describing' 'generate' 'generating'], predicted=generated
question=['describe' 'describing' 'increase' 'increasing'], predicted=increases
question=['describe' 'describing' 'invent' 'inventing'], predicted=editing
question=['describe' 'describing' 'jump' 'jumping'], predicted=jumps
question=['describe' 'describing' 'listen' 'listening'], predicted=synch
question=['describe' 'describing' 'look' 'looking'], predicted=looks
question=['describe' 'describing' 'move' 'moving'], predicted=moves
question=['describe' 'describing' 'predict' 'predicting'], predicted=quantifying
question=['describe' 'describing' 'read' 'reading'], predicted=aloud
question=['describe' 'describing' 'say' 'saying'], predicted=says
question=['describe' 'describing' 'scream' 'screaming'], predicted=unreleased
question=['describe' 'describing' 'see' 'seeing'], predicted=external
question=['describe' 'describing' 'shuffle' 'shuffling'], predicted=banging
question=['describe' 'describing' 'sing' 'singing'], predicted=dirge
question=['describe' 'describing' 'sit' 'sitting'], predicted=sitis
question=['describe' 'describing' 'slow' 'slowing'], predicted=fast
question=['describe' 'describing' 'swim' 'swimming'], predicted=cinemax
question=['describe' 'describing' 'think' 'thinking'], predicted=know
question=['describe' 'describing' 'vanish' 'vanishing'], predicted=indistinguishability
question=['describe' 'describing' 'walk' 'walking'], predicted=kazurinsky
question=['describe' 'describing' 'write' 'writing'], predicted=read
question=['describe' 'describing' 'code' 'coding'], predicted=codebook
question=['describe' 'describing' 'dance' 'dancing'], predicted=ballet
question=['describe' 'describing' 'decrease' 'decreasing'], predicted=reduction
question=['discover' 'discovering' 'fly' 'flying'], predicted=flew
question=['discover' 'discovering' 'generate' 'generating'], predicted=generated
question=['discover' 'discovering' 'go' 'going'], predicted=nagai
question=['discover' 'discovering' 'increase' 'increasing'], predicted=increases
question=['discover' 'discovering' 'invent' 'inventing'], predicted=popularizing
question=['discover' 'discovering' 'jump' 'jumping'], predicted=jumps
question=['discover' 'discovering' 'listen' 'listening'], predicted=reciting
question=['discover' 'discovering' 'look' 'looking'], predicted=looks
question=['discover' 'discovering' 'move' 'moving'], predicted=pawl
question=['discover' 'discovering' 'predict' 'predicting'], predicted=prediction
question=['discover' 'discovering' 'read' 'reading'], predicted=write
question=['discover' 'discovering' 'scream' 'screaming'], predicted=wakko
question=['discover' 'discovering' 'see' 'seeing'], predicted=timeline
question=['discover' 'discovering' 'shuffle' 'shuffling'], predicted=ickey
question=['discover' 'discovering' 'sing' 'singing'], predicted=lyric
question=['discover' 'discovering' 'sit' 'sitting'], predicted=rests
question=['discover' 'discovering' 'slow' 'slowing'], predicted=slower
question=['discover' 'discovering' 'swim' 'swimming'], predicted=blastula
question=['discover' 'discovering' 'think' 'thinking'], predicted=saying
question=['discover' 'discovering' 'vanish' 'vanishing'], predicted=polarizations
question=['discover' 'discovering' 'write' 'writing'], predicted=read
question=['discover' 'discovering' 'code' 'coding'], predicted=cctld
question=['discover' 'discovering' 'dance' 'dancing'], predicted=ailey
question=['discover' 'discovering' 'debug' 'debugging'], predicted=executables
question=['discover' 'discovering' 'decrease' 'decreasing'], predicted=increase
question=['enhance' 'enhancing' 'fly' 'flying'], predicted=flew
question=['enhance' 'enhancing' 'go' 'going'], predicted=went
question=['enhance' 'enhancing' 'implement' 'implementing'], predicted=pnni
question=['enhance' 'enhancing' 'increase' 'increasing'], predicted=increases
question=['enhance' 'enhancing' 'invent' 'inventing'], predicted=unspeakable
question=['enhance' 'enhancing' 'jump' 'jumping'], predicted=jumps
question=['enhance' 'enhancing' 'listen' 'listening'], predicted=synch
question=['enhance' 'enhancing' 'look' 'looking'], predicted=looked
question=['enhance' 'enhancing' 'play' 'playing'], predicted=plays
question=['enhance' 'enhancing' 'predict' 'predicting'], predicted=determine
question=['enhance' 'enhancing' 'read' 'reading'], predicted=write
question=['enhance' 'enhancing' 'say' 'saying'], predicted=says
question=['enhance' 'enhancing' 'scream' 'screaming'], predicted=howdy
question=['enhance' 'enhancing' 'see' 'seeing'], predicted=external
question=['enhance' 'enhancing' 'shuffle' 'shuffling'], predicted=ickey
question=['enhance' 'enhancing' 'sing' 'singing'], predicted=dirge
question=['enhance' 'enhancing' 'sit' 'sitting'], predicted=woolsack
question=['enhance' 'enhancing' 'slow' 'slowing'], predicted=low
question=['enhance' 'enhancing' 'swim' 'swimming'], predicted=fly
question=['enhance' 'enhancing' 'think' 'thinking'], predicted=know
question=['enhance' 'enhancing' 'vanish' 'vanishing'], predicted=nonnegative
question=['enhance' 'enhancing' 'walk' 'walking'], predicted=fly
question=['enhance' 'enhancing' 'write' 'writing'], predicted=read
question=['enhance' 'enhancing' 'code' 'coding'], predicted=codes
question=['enhance' 'enhancing' 'dance' 'dancing'], predicted=ailey
question=['enhance' 'enhancing' 'debug' 'debugging'], predicted=runtime
question=['enhance' 'enhancing' 'decrease' 'decreasing'], predicted=increase
question=['enhance' 'enhancing' 'discover' 'discovering'], predicted=circumnavigate
question=['fly' 'flying' 'generate' 'generating'], predicted=generated
question=['fly' 'flying' 'go' 'going'], predicted=gone
question=['fly' 'flying' 'increase' 'increasing'], predicted=decrease
question=['fly' 'flying' 'invent' 'inventing'], predicted=toffler
question=['fly' 'flying' 'jump' 'jumping'], predicted=jumps
question=['fly' 'flying' 'listen' 'listening'], predicted=streaming
question=['fly' 'flying' 'predict' 'predicting'], predicted=predicted
question=['fly' 'flying' 'read' 'reading'], predicted=write
question=['fly' 'flying' 'run' 'running'], predicted=ran
question=['fly' 'flying' 'scream' 'screaming'], predicted=bonzo
question=['fly' 'flying' 'see' 'seeing'], predicted=external
question=['fly' 'flying' 'shuffle' 'shuffling'], predicted=monty
question=['fly' 'flying' 'sing' 'singing'], predicted=lyric
question=['fly' 'flying' 'sit' 'sitting'], predicted=stood
question=['fly' 'flying' 'slow' 'slowing'], predicted=fast
question=['fly' 'flying' 'swim' 'swimming'], predicted=circus
question=['fly' 'flying' 'think' 'thinking'], predicted=saying
question=['fly' 'flying' 'vanish' 'vanishing'], predicted=annihilates
question=['fly' 'flying' 'code' 'coding'], predicted=codebook
question=['fly' 'flying' 'dance' 'dancing'], predicted=lindy
question=['fly' 'flying' 'debug' 'debugging'], predicted=optimizing
question=['fly' 'flying' 'decrease' 'decreasing'], predicted=increase
question=['fly' 'flying' 'discover' 'discovering'], predicted=monty
question=['fly' 'flying' 'enhance' 'enhancing'], predicted=improve
question=['generate' 'generating' 'increase' 'increasing'], predicted=increases
question=['generate' 'generating' 'invent' 'inventing'], predicted=szasz
question=['generate' 'generating' 'jump' 'jumping'], predicted=jumps
question=['generate' 'generating' 'listen' 'listening'], predicted=garrick
question=['generate' 'generating' 'read' 'reading'], predicted=write
question=['generate' 'generating' 'say' 'saying'], predicted=says
question=['generate' 'generating' 'scream' 'screaming'], predicted=garrick
question=['generate' 'generating' 'see' 'seeing'], predicted=external
question=['generate' 'generating' 'shuffle' 'shuffling'], predicted=ickey
question=['generate' 'generating' 'sing' 'singing'], predicted=lyric
question=['generate' 'generating' 'sit' 'sitting'], predicted=impeachments
question=['generate' 'generating' 'slow' 'slowing'], predicted=fast
question=['generate' 'generating' 'swim' 'swimming'], predicted=togethers
question=['generate' 'generating' 'think' 'thinking'], predicted=know
question=['generate' 'generating' 'vanish' 'vanishing'], predicted=annihilates
question=['generate' 'generating' 'code' 'coding'], predicted=glibc
question=['generate' 'generating' 'dance' 'dancing'], predicted=music
question=['generate' 'generating' 'debug' 'debugging'], predicted=glibc
question=['generate' 'generating' 'decrease' 'decreasing'], predicted=increase
question=['generate' 'generating' 'discover' 'discovering'], predicted=discovery
question=['generate' 'generating' 'fly' 'flying'], predicted=flew
question=['go' 'going' 'implement' 'implementing'], predicted=implemented
question=['go' 'going' 'increase' 'increasing'], predicted=increases
question=['go' 'going' 'invent' 'inventing'], predicted=doing
question=['go' 'going' 'jump' 'jumping'], predicted=salchow
question=['go' 'going' 'listen' 'listening'], predicted=told
question=['go' 'going' 'look' 'looking'], predicted=looked
question=['go' 'going' 'play' 'playing'], predicted=played
question=['go' 'going' 'predict' 'predicting'], predicted=retrofitted
question=['go' 'going' 'read' 'reading'], predicted=aloud
question=['go' 'going' 'scream' 'screaming'], predicted=scuse
question=['go' 'going' 'see' 'seeing'], predicted=called
question=['go' 'going' 'shuffle' 'shuffling'], predicted=ickey
question=['go' 'going' 'sing' 'singing'], predicted=dirge
question=['go' 'going' 'slow' 'slowing'], predicted=pace
question=['go' 'going' 'swim' 'swimming'], predicted=wlw
question=['go' 'going' 'think' 'thinking'], predicted=know
question=['go' 'going' 'vanish' 'vanishing'], predicted=plowed
question=['go' 'going' 'walk' 'walking'], predicted=conversing
question=['go' 'going' 'write' 'writing'], predicted=read
question=['go' 'going' 'code' 'coding'], predicted=codes
question=['go' 'going' 'dance' 'dancing'], predicted=music
question=['go' 'going' 'debug' 'debugging'], predicted=debugged
question=['go' 'going' 'decrease' 'decreasing'], predicted=increase
question=['go' 'going' 'describe' 'describing'], predicted=referring
question=['go' 'going' 'discover' 'discovering'], predicted=discovered
question=['go' 'going' 'enhance' 'enhancing'], predicted=improve
question=['go' 'going' 'fly' 'flying'], predicted=parachutes
question=['go' 'going' 'generate' 'generating'], predicted=generated
question=['implement' 'implementing' 'increase' 'increasing'], predicted=increased
question=['implement' 'implementing' 'invent' 'inventing'], predicted=discussing
question=['implement' 'implementing' 'jump' 'jumping'], predicted=collegetown
question=['implement' 'implementing' 'listen' 'listening'], predicted=talk
question=['implement' 'implementing' 'predict' 'predicting'], predicted=prediction
question=['implement' 'implementing' 'run' 'running'], predicted=ran
question=['implement' 'implementing' 'say' 'saying'], predicted=theorizes
question=['implement' 'implementing' 'scream' 'screaming'], predicted=norville
question=['implement' 'implementing' 'see' 'seeing'], predicted=external
question=['implement' 'implementing' 'shuffle' 'shuffling'], predicted=ickey
question=['implement' 'implementing' 'sing' 'singing'], predicted=auditioning
question=['implement' 'implementing' 'sit' 'sitting'], predicted=spat
question=['implement' 'implementing' 'slow' 'slowing'], predicted=slowed
question=['implement' 'implementing' 'swim' 'swimming'], predicted=adult
question=['implement' 'implementing' 'think' 'thinking'], predicted=theorizes
question=['implement' 'implementing' 'vanish' 'vanishing'], predicted=annihilates
question=['implement' 'implementing' 'code' 'coding'], predicted=codes
question=['implement' 'implementing' 'dance' 'dancing'], predicted=wigman
question=['implement' 'implementing' 'debug' 'debugging'], predicted=optimizing
question=['implement' 'implementing' 'decrease' 'decreasing'], predicted=increase
question=['implement' 'implementing' 'describe' 'describing'], predicted=discussing
question=['implement' 'implementing' 'discover' 'discovering'], predicted=theorizes
question=['implement' 'implementing' 'enhance' 'enhancing'], predicted=improve
question=['implement' 'implementing' 'fly' 'flying'], predicted=flew
question=['increase' 'increasing' 'invent' 'inventing'], predicted=carus
question=['increase' 'increasing' 'jump' 'jumping'], predicted=salchow
question=['increase' 'increasing' 'listen' 'listening'], predicted=hear
question=['increase' 'increasing' 'look' 'looking'], predicted=looks
question=['increase' 'increasing' 'predict' 'predicting'], predicted=determine
question=['increase' 'increasing' 'read' 'reading'], predicted=write
question=['increase' 'increasing' 'say' 'saying'], predicted=believe
question=['increase' 'increasing' 'scream' 'screaming'], predicted=bandmate
question=['increase' 'increasing' 'see' 'seeing'], predicted=external
question=['increase' 'increasing' 'shuffle' 'shuffling'], predicted=ickey
question=['increase' 'increasing' 'sing' 'singing'], predicted=dirge
question=['increase' 'increasing' 'sit' 'sitting'], predicted=sitis
question=['increase' 'increasing' 'slow' 'slowing'], predicted=increasingly
question=['increase' 'increasing' 'swim' 'swimming'], predicted=togethers
question=['increase' 'increasing' 'think' 'thinking'], predicted=say
question=['increase' 'increasing' 'vanish' 'vanishing'], predicted=irrationals
question=['increase' 'increasing' 'walk' 'walking'], predicted=hollywood
question=['increase' 'increasing' 'write' 'writing'], predicted=read
question=['increase' 'increasing' 'code' 'coding'], predicted=codes
question=['increase' 'increasing' 'dance' 'dancing'], predicted=ailey
question=['increase' 'increasing' 'debug' 'debugging'], predicted=loadable
question=['increase' 'increasing' 'describe' 'describing'], predicted=refer
question=['increase' 'increasing' 'discover' 'discovering'], predicted=discovered
question=['increase' 'increasing' 'fly' 'flying'], predicted=flies
question=['increase' 'increasing' 'generate' 'generating'], predicted=generated
question=['increase' 'increasing' 'go' 'going'], predicted=went
question=['increase' 'increasing' 'implement' 'implementing'], predicted=implemented
question=['invent' 'inventing' 'jump' 'jumping'], predicted=jumps
question=['invent' 'inventing' 'listen' 'listening'], predicted=seiy
question=['invent' 'inventing' 'predict' 'predicting'], predicted=measuring
question=['invent' 'inventing' 'read' 'reading'], predicted=aloud
question=['invent' 'inventing' 'run' 'running'], predicted=runs
question=['invent' 'inventing' 'say' 'saying'], predicted=wailing
question=['invent' 'inventing' 'scream' 'screaming'], predicted=fidrych
question=['invent' 'inventing' 'see' 'seeing'], predicted=known
question=['invent' 'inventing' 'shuffle' 'shuffling'], predicted=fidrych
question=['invent' 'inventing' 'sing' 'singing'], predicted=wailing
question=['invent' 'inventing' 'slow' 'slowing'], predicted=slowed
question=['invent' 'inventing' 'swim' 'swimming'], predicted=waterford
question=['invent' 'inventing' 'think' 'thinking'], predicted=exactlywatt
question=['invent' 'inventing' 'vanish' 'vanishing'], predicted=lorentzian
question=['invent' 'inventing' 'walk' 'walking'], predicted=hollywood
question=['invent' 'inventing' 'write' 'writing'], predicted=written
question=['invent' 'inventing' 'code' 'coding'], predicted=codes
question=['invent' 'inventing' 'dance' 'dancing'], predicted=ailey
question=['invent' 'inventing' 'debug' 'debugging'], predicted=multithreading
question=['invent' 'inventing' 'decrease' 'decreasing'], predicted=increases
question=['invent' 'inventing' 'discover' 'discovering'], predicted=discovers
question=['invent' 'inventing' 'fly' 'flying'], predicted=flight
question=['invent' 'inventing' 'generate' 'generating'], predicted=generated
question=['invent' 'inventing' 'go' 'going'], predicted=outta
question=['invent' 'inventing' 'implement' 'implementing'], predicted=fddi
question=['jump' 'jumping' 'listen' 'listening'], predicted=gossiping
question=['jump' 'jumping' 'look' 'looking'], predicted=looks
question=['jump' 'jumping' 'move' 'moving'], predicted=spreads
question=['jump' 'jumping' 'predict' 'predicting'], predicted=analyzing
question=['jump' 'jumping' 'read' 'reading'], predicted=squealer
question=['jump' 'jumping' 'say' 'saying'], predicted=think
question=['jump' 'jumping' 'scream' 'screaming'], predicted=dammit
question=['jump' 'jumping' 'see' 'seeing'], predicted=external
question=['jump' 'jumping' 'shuffle' 'shuffling'], predicted=ickey
question=['jump' 'jumping' 'sing' 'singing'], predicted=dammit
question=['jump' 'jumping' 'sit' 'sitting'], predicted=sitis
question=['jump' 'jumping' 'slow' 'slowing'], predicted=rafts
question=['jump' 'jumping' 'swim' 'swimming'], predicted=eventing
question=['jump' 'jumping' 'think' 'thinking'], predicted=know
question=['jump' 'jumping' 'vanish' 'vanishing'], predicted=transitively
question=['jump' 'jumping' 'write' 'writing'], predicted=read
question=['jump' 'jumping' 'code' 'coding'], predicted=codes
question=['jump' 'jumping' 'dance' 'dancing'], predicted=lindy
question=['jump' 'jumping' 'debug' 'debugging'], predicted=aerobics
question=['jump' 'jumping' 'decrease' 'decreasing'], predicted=increase
question=['jump' 'jumping' 'discover' 'discovering'], predicted=hayt
question=['jump' 'jumping' 'enhance' 'enhancing'], predicted=improve
question=['jump' 'jumping' 'fly' 'flying'], predicted=agaric
question=['jump' 'jumping' 'generate' 'generating'], predicted=generated
question=['jump' 'jumping' 'go' 'going'], predicted=frenchy
question=['jump' 'jumping' 'implement' 'implementing'], predicted=automate
question=['jump' 'jumping' 'increase' 'increasing'], predicted=decrease
question=['jump' 'jumping' 'invent' 'inventing'], predicted=gossiping
question=['listen' 'listening' 'look' 'looking'], predicted=looks
question=['listen' 'listening' 'move' 'moving'], predicted=moves
question=['listen' 'listening' 'predict' 'predicting'], predicted=transmittance
question=['listen' 'listening' 'read' 'reading'], predicted=write
question=['listen' 'listening' 'say' 'saying'], predicted=argue
question=['listen' 'listening' 'scream' 'screaming'], predicted=patronizing
question=['listen' 'listening' 'see' 'seeing'], predicted=however
question=['listen' 'listening' 'shuffle' 'shuffling'], predicted=synergies
question=['listen' 'listening' 'sing' 'singing'], predicted=lyric
question=['listen' 'listening' 'sit' 'sitting'], predicted=pillared
question=['listen' 'listening' 'slow' 'slowing'], predicted=relatively
question=['listen' 'listening' 'swim' 'swimming'], predicted=hatchlings
question=['listen' 'listening' 'think' 'thinking'], predicted=say
question=['listen' 'listening' 'vanish' 'vanishing'], predicted=disprove
question=['listen' 'listening' 'walk' 'walking'], predicted=stair
question=['listen' 'listening' 'write' 'writing'], predicted=read
question=['listen' 'listening' 'code' 'coding'], predicted=codes
question=['listen' 'listening' 'dance' 'dancing'], predicted=aerials
question=['listen' 'listening' 'debug' 'debugging'], predicted=configuring
question=['listen' 'listening' 'decrease' 'decreasing'], predicted=transmittance
question=['listen' 'listening' 'describe' 'describing'], predicted=refer
question=['listen' 'listening' 'enhance' 'enhancing'], predicted=improve
question=['listen' 'listening' 'fly' 'flying'], predicted=flight
question=['listen' 'listening' 'generate' 'generating'], predicted=transmittance
question=['listen' 'listening' 'increase' 'increasing'], predicted=decrease
question=['listen' 'listening' 'invent' 'inventing'], predicted=bombe
question=['listen' 'listening' 'jump' 'jumping'], predicted=altitude
question=['look' 'looking' 'play' 'playing'], predicted=plays
question=['look' 'looking' 'predict' 'predicting'], predicted=prediction
question=['look' 'looking' 'read' 'reading'], predicted=write
question=['look' 'looking' 'scream' 'screaming'], predicted=screams
question=['look' 'looking' 'see' 'seeing'], predicted=redirects
question=['look' 'looking' 'shuffle' 'shuffling'], predicted=ickey
question=['look' 'looking' 'sing' 'singing'], predicted=dirge
question=['look' 'looking' 'slow' 'slowing'], predicted=steady
question=['look' 'looking' 'swim' 'swimming'], predicted=nbc
question=['look' 'looking' 'think' 'thinking'], predicted=know
question=['look' 'looking' 'vanish' 'vanishing'], predicted=dissociated
question=['look' 'looking' 'walk' 'walking'], predicted=fame
question=['look' 'looking' 'write' 'writing'], predicted=read
question=['look' 'looking' 'code' 'coding'], predicted=cctld
question=['look' 'looking' 'dance' 'dancing'], predicted=ailey
question=['look' 'looking' 'decrease' 'decreasing'], predicted=increase
question=['look' 'looking' 'describe' 'describing'], predicted=referring
question=['look' 'looking' 'discover' 'discovering'], predicted=discovered
question=['look' 'looking' 'fly' 'flying'], predicted=flew
question=['look' 'looking' 'generate' 'generating'], predicted=generated
question=['look' 'looking' 'increase' 'increasing'], predicted=increases
question=['look' 'looking' 'invent' 'inventing'], predicted=seeking
question=['look' 'looking' 'jump' 'jumping'], predicted=jumps
question=['look' 'looking' 'listen' 'listening'], predicted=purports
question=['move' 'moving' 'predict' 'predicting'], predicted=glaciology
question=['move' 'moving' 'read' 'reading'], predicted=aloud
question=['move' 'moving' 'say' 'saying'], predicted=says
question=['move' 'moving' 'scream' 'screaming'], predicted=twisters
question=['move' 'moving' 'see' 'seeing'], predicted=external
question=['move' 'moving' 'shuffle' 'shuffling'], predicted=ickey
question=['move' 'moving' 'sing' 'singing'], predicted=dirge
question=['move' 'moving' 'slow' 'slowing'], predicted=slower
question=['move' 'moving' 'swim' 'swimming'], predicted=hatchlings
question=['move' 'moving' 'think' 'thinking'], predicted=know
question=['move' 'moving' 'vanish' 'vanishing'], predicted=midwinter
question=['move' 'moving' 'write' 'writing'], predicted=read
question=['move' 'moving' 'code' 'coding'], predicted=codes
question=['move' 'moving' 'debug' 'debugging'], predicted=compilers
question=['move' 'moving' 'decrease' 'decreasing'], predicted=increase
question=['move' 'moving' 'discover' 'discovering'], predicted=discovered
question=['move' 'moving' 'generate' 'generating'], predicted=generated
question=['move' 'moving' 'go' 'going'], predicted=went
question=['move' 'moving' 'implement' 'implementing'], predicted=implemented
question=['move' 'moving' 'invent' 'inventing'], predicted=dabbled
question=['move' 'moving' 'jump' 'jumping'], predicted=jumps
question=['move' 'moving' 'listen' 'listening'], predicted=ctis
question=['play' 'playing' 'predict' 'predicting'], predicted=prediction
question=['play' 'playing' 'read' 'reading'], predicted=write
question=['play' 'playing' 'scream' 'screaming'], predicted=howling
question=['play' 'playing' 'see' 'seeing'], predicted=timeline
question=['play' 'playing' 'shuffle' 'shuffling'], predicted=banging
question=['play' 'playing' 'sing' 'singing'], predicted=syne
question=['play' 'playing' 'slow' 'slowing'], predicted=fast
question=['play' 'playing' 'swim' 'swimming'], predicted=superhero
question=['play' 'playing' 'think' 'thinking'], predicted=saying
question=['play' 'playing' 'vanish' 'vanishing'], predicted=lorentzian
question=['play' 'playing' 'code' 'coding'], predicted=codes
question=['play' 'playing' 'dance' 'dancing'], predicted=ailey
question=['play' 'playing' 'debug' 'debugging'], predicted=applescript
question=['play' 'playing' 'decrease' 'decreasing'], predicted=increase
question=['play' 'playing' 'discover' 'discovering'], predicted=discovers
question=['play' 'playing' 'generate' 'generating'], predicted=generated
question=['play' 'playing' 'implement' 'implementing'], predicted=implemented
question=['play' 'playing' 'invent' 'inventing'], predicted=transgressive
question=['play' 'playing' 'jump' 'jumping'], predicted=jumps
question=['play' 'playing' 'listen' 'listening'], predicted=sitting
question=['play' 'playing' 'look' 'looking'], predicted=looks
question=['predict' 'predicting' 'read' 'reading'], predicted=write
question=['predict' 'predicting' 'scream' 'screaming'], predicted=starry
question=['predict' 'predicting' 'see' 'seeing'], predicted=references
question=['predict' 'predicting' 'shuffle' 'shuffling'], predicted=ickey
question=['predict' 'predicting' 'sing' 'singing'], predicted=dirge
question=['predict' 'predicting' 'slow' 'slowing'], predicted=fast
question=['predict' 'predicting' 'swim' 'swimming'], predicted=dunk
question=['predict' 'predicting' 'think' 'thinking'], predicted=saying
question=['predict' 'predicting' 'vanish' 'vanishing'], predicted=enriches
question=['predict' 'predicting' 'write' 'writing'], predicted=read
question=['predict' 'predicting' 'code' 'coding'], predicted=cctld
question=['predict' 'predicting' 'debug' 'debugging'], predicted=kernel
question=['predict' 'predicting' 'decrease' 'decreasing'], predicted=increase
question=['predict' 'predicting' 'describe' 'describing'], predicted=refer
question=['predict' 'predicting' 'fly' 'flying'], predicted=flight
question=['predict' 'predicting' 'go' 'going'], predicted=went
question=['predict' 'predicting' 'implement' 'implementing'], predicted=caching
question=['predict' 'predicting' 'increase' 'increasing'], predicted=increased
question=['predict' 'predicting' 'invent' 'inventing'], predicted=job
question=['predict' 'predicting' 'jump' 'jumping'], predicted=jumps
question=['predict' 'predicting' 'listen' 'listening'], predicted=sundry
question=['predict' 'predicting' 'look' 'looking'], predicted=looked
question=['predict' 'predicting' 'play' 'playing'], predicted=plays
question=['read' 'reading' 'say' 'saying'], predicted=argue
question=['read' 'reading' 'scream' 'screaming'], predicted=mayday
question=['read' 'reading' 'see' 'seeing'], predicted=external
question=['read' 'reading' 'shuffle' 'shuffling'], predicted=ickey
question=['read' 'reading' 'sing' 'singing'], predicted=dirge
question=['read' 'reading' 'sit' 'sitting'], predicted=allative
question=['read' 'reading' 'slow' 'slowing'], predicted=gradual
question=['read' 'reading' 'swim' 'swimming'], predicted=competitions
question=['read' 'reading' 'think' 'thinking'], predicted=brookings
question=['read' 'reading' 'vanish' 'vanishing'], predicted=milman
question=['read' 'reading' 'code' 'coding'], predicted=cctld
question=['read' 'reading' 'dance' 'dancing'], predicted=ailey
question=['read' 'reading' 'debug' 'debugging'], predicted=glibc
question=['read' 'reading' 'decrease' 'decreasing'], predicted=increase
question=['read' 'reading' 'describe' 'describing'], predicted=term
question=['read' 'reading' 'discover' 'discovering'], predicted=discovers
question=['read' 'reading' 'fly' 'flying'], predicted=tsetse
question=['read' 'reading' 'go' 'going'], predicted=michener
question=['read' 'reading' 'implement' 'implementing'], predicted=implementation
question=['read' 'reading' 'increase' 'increasing'], predicted=decrease
question=['read' 'reading' 'invent' 'inventing'], predicted=byronic
question=['read' 'reading' 'jump' 'jumping'], predicted=tracking
question=['read' 'reading' 'listen' 'listening'], predicted=ubuweb
question=['read' 'reading' 'move' 'moving'], predicted=moves
question=['read' 'reading' 'predict' 'predicting'], predicted=prediction
question=['run' 'running' 'say' 'saying'], predicted=think
question=['run' 'running' 'scream' 'screaming'], predicted=rippled
question=['run' 'running' 'see' 'seeing'], predicted=external
question=['run' 'running' 'shuffle' 'shuffling'], predicted=ickey
question=['run' 'running' 'sing' 'singing'], predicted=sings
question=['run' 'running' 'sit' 'sitting'], predicted=kneeling
question=['run' 'running' 'slow' 'slowing'], predicted=fast
question=['run' 'running' 'swim' 'swimming'], predicted=hopping
question=['run' 'running' 'think' 'thinking'], predicted=really
question=['run' 'running' 'vanish' 'vanishing'], predicted=indistinguishability
question=['run' 'running' 'write' 'writing'], predicted=read
question=['run' 'running' 'code' 'coding'], predicted=cics
question=['run' 'running' 'dance' 'dancing'], predicted=ailey
question=['run' 'running' 'decrease' 'decreasing'], predicted=increase
question=['run' 'running' 'describe' 'describing'], predicted=referring
question=['run' 'running' 'discover' 'discovering'], predicted=discovers
question=['run' 'running' 'fly' 'flying'], predicted=flew
question=['run' 'running' 'generate' 'generating'], predicted=generated
question=['run' 'running' 'increase' 'increasing'], predicted=increases
question=['run' 'running' 'invent' 'inventing'], predicted=really
question=['run' 'running' 'jump' 'jumping'], predicted=salchow
question=['run' 'running' 'listen' 'listening'], predicted=hear
question=['run' 'running' 'look' 'looking'], predicted=looks
question=['run' 'running' 'predict' 'predicting'], predicted=determine
question=['run' 'running' 'read' 'reading'], predicted=write
question=['say' 'saying' 'scream' 'screaming'], predicted=feelgood
question=['say' 'saying' 'see' 'seeing'], predicted=external
question=['say' 'saying' 'shuffle' 'shuffling'], predicted=ickey
question=['say' 'saying' 'sing' 'singing'], predicted=dirge
question=['say' 'saying' 'slow' 'slowing'], predicted=quick
question=['say' 'saying' 'swim' 'swimming'], predicted=mythbusters
question=['say' 'saying' 'think' 'thinking'], predicted=replied
question=['say' 'saying' 'vanish' 'vanishing'], predicted=slowness
question=['say' 'saying' 'write' 'writing'], predicted=read
question=['say' 'saying' 'code' 'coding'], predicted=cctld
question=['say' 'saying' 'dance' 'dancing'], predicted=music
question=['say' 'saying' 'debug' 'debugging'], predicted=collaboratively
question=['say' 'saying' 'decrease' 'decreasing'], predicted=increase
question=['say' 'saying' 'discover' 'discovering'], predicted=amply
question=['say' 'saying' 'fly' 'flying'], predicted=flew
question=['say' 'saying' 'generate' 'generating'], predicted=generated
question=['say' 'saying' 'implement' 'implementing'], predicted=implemented
question=['say' 'saying' 'increase' 'increasing'], predicted=increases
question=['say' 'saying' 'invent' 'inventing'], predicted=mccabe
question=['say' 'saying' 'jump' 'jumping'], predicted=jumps
question=['say' 'saying' 'listen' 'listening'], predicted=apologise
question=['say' 'saying' 'read' 'reading'], predicted=gist
question=['scream' 'screaming' 'see' 'seeing'], predicted=but
question=['scream' 'screaming' 'shuffle' 'shuffling'], predicted=ickey
question=['scream' 'screaming' 'sing' 'singing'], predicted=dirge
question=['scream' 'screaming' 'slow' 'slowing'], predicted=infectors
question=['scream' 'screaming' 'swim' 'swimming'], predicted=southport
question=['scream' 'screaming' 'think' 'thinking'], predicted=something
question=['scream' 'screaming' 'vanish' 'vanishing'], predicted=bathe
question=['scream' 'screaming' 'write' 'writing'], predicted=read
question=['scream' 'screaming' 'code' 'coding'], predicted=loadable
question=['scream' 'screaming' 'dance' 'dancing'], predicted=ailey
question=['scream' 'screaming' 'debug' 'debugging'], predicted=loadable
question=['scream' 'screaming' 'decrease' 'decreasing'], predicted=increase
question=['scream' 'screaming' 'describe' 'describing'], predicted=referring
question=['scream' 'screaming' 'discover' 'discovering'], predicted=convinces
question=['scream' 'screaming' 'fly' 'flying'], predicted=agaric
question=['scream' 'screaming' 'go' 'going'], predicted=went
question=['scream' 'screaming' 'implement' 'implementing'], predicted=enforce
question=['scream' 'screaming' 'increase' 'increasing'], predicted=increases
question=['scream' 'screaming' 'invent' 'inventing'], predicted=socialize
question=['scream' 'screaming' 'jump' 'jumping'], predicted=pacing
question=['scream' 'screaming' 'listen' 'listening'], predicted=feck
question=['scream' 'screaming' 'play' 'playing'], predicted=played
question=['scream' 'screaming' 'predict' 'predicting'], predicted=determine
question=['scream' 'screaming' 'read' 'reading'], predicted=write
question=['scream' 'screaming' 'say' 'saying'], predicted=drunk
question=['see' 'seeing' 'shuffle' 'shuffling'], predicted=muttered
question=['see' 'seeing' 'sing' 'singing'], predicted=chanced
question=['see' 'seeing' 'sit' 'sitting'], predicted=muttered
question=['see' 'seeing' 'slow' 'slowing'], predicted=trickled
question=['see' 'seeing' 'swim' 'swimming'], predicted=kicking
question=['see' 'seeing' 'think' 'thinking'], predicted=saying
question=['see' 'seeing' 'vanish' 'vanishing'], predicted=forbear
question=['see' 'seeing' 'walk' 'walking'], predicted=muttered
question=['see' 'seeing' 'write' 'writing'], predicted=read
question=['see' 'seeing' 'code' 'coding'], predicted=chanced
question=['see' 'seeing' 'debug' 'debugging'], predicted=hallucinating
question=['see' 'seeing' 'decrease' 'decreasing'], predicted=increase
question=['see' 'seeing' 'describe' 'describing'], predicted=apparently
question=['see' 'seeing' 'discover' 'discovering'], predicted=circumnavigate
question=['see' 'seeing' 'enhance' 'enhancing'], predicted=longterm
question=['see' 'seeing' 'fly' 'flying'], predicted=flew
question=['see' 'seeing' 'generate' 'generating'], predicted=generated
question=['see' 'seeing' 'implement' 'implementing'], predicted=nationalize
question=['see' 'seeing' 'increase' 'increasing'], predicted=eyesore
question=['see' 'seeing' 'invent' 'inventing'], predicted=hallucinating
question=['see' 'seeing' 'jump' 'jumping'], predicted=kicking
question=['see' 'seeing' 'listen' 'listening'], predicted=muttered
question=['see' 'seeing' 'look' 'looking'], predicted=looked
question=['see' 'seeing' 'move' 'moving'], predicted=moves
question=['see' 'seeing' 'predict' 'predicting'], predicted=underestimates
question=['see' 'seeing' 'read' 'reading'], predicted=muttered
question=['see' 'seeing' 'scream' 'screaming'], predicted=muttered
question=['shuffle' 'shuffling' 'sing' 'singing'], predicted=estrous
question=['shuffle' 'shuffling' 'sit' 'sitting'], predicted=sitis
question=['shuffle' 'shuffling' 'slow' 'slowing'], predicted=faster
question=['shuffle' 'shuffling' 'swim' 'swimming'], predicted=sporozoites
question=['shuffle' 'shuffling' 'think' 'thinking'], predicted=know
question=['shuffle' 'shuffling' 'vanish' 'vanishing'], predicted=permeate
question=['shuffle' 'shuffling' 'walk' 'walking'], predicted=estrous
question=['shuffle' 'shuffling' 'write' 'writing'], predicted=read
question=['shuffle' 'shuffling' 'code' 'coding'], predicted=codes
question=['shuffle' 'shuffling' 'dance' 'dancing'], predicted=ailey
question=['shuffle' 'shuffling' 'debug' 'debugging'], predicted=intelligently
question=['shuffle' 'shuffling' 'decrease' 'decreasing'], predicted=increase
question=['shuffle' 'shuffling' 'describe' 'describing'], predicted=refer
question=['shuffle' 'shuffling' 'discover' 'discovering'], predicted=habitable
question=['shuffle' 'shuffling' 'enhance' 'enhancing'], predicted=improve
question=['shuffle' 'shuffling' 'fly' 'flying'], predicted=tethered
question=['shuffle' 'shuffling' 'generate' 'generating'], predicted=estrous
question=['shuffle' 'shuffling' 'go' 'going'], predicted=take
question=['shuffle' 'shuffling' 'implement' 'implementing'], predicted=allow
question=['shuffle' 'shuffling' 'increase' 'increasing'], predicted=decrease
question=['shuffle' 'shuffling' 'invent' 'inventing'], predicted=possess
question=['shuffle' 'shuffling' 'jump' 'jumping'], predicted=jumps
question=['shuffle' 'shuffling' 'listen' 'listening'], predicted=multichannel
question=['shuffle' 'shuffling' 'look' 'looking'], predicted=flatter
question=['shuffle' 'shuffling' 'move' 'moving'], predicted=reorient
question=['shuffle' 'shuffling' 'predict' 'predicting'], predicted=determine
question=['shuffle' 'shuffling' 'read' 'reading'], predicted=write
question=['shuffle' 'shuffling' 'say' 'saying'], predicted=believe
question=['shuffle' 'shuffling' 'scream' 'screaming'], predicted=brag
question=['shuffle' 'shuffling' 'see' 'seeing'], predicted=estrous
question=['sing' 'singing' 'sit' 'sitting'], predicted=celebrants
question=['sing' 'singing' 'slow' 'slowing'], predicted=gradual
question=['sing' 'singing' 'swim' 'swimming'], predicted=troupes
question=['sing' 'singing' 'think' 'thinking'], predicted=really
question=['sing' 'singing' 'vanish' 'vanishing'], predicted=finsler
question=['sing' 'singing' 'write' 'writing'], predicted=read
question=['sing' 'singing' 'code' 'coding'], predicted=codes
question=['sing' 'singing' 'debug' 'debugging'], predicted=software
question=['sing' 'singing' 'decrease' 'decreasing'], predicted=increase
question=['sing' 'singing' 'discover' 'discovering'], predicted=oresme
question=['sing' 'singing' 'generate' 'generating'], predicted=generated
question=['sing' 'singing' 'go' 'going'], predicted=went
question=['sing' 'singing' 'invent' 'inventing'], predicted=invention
question=['sing' 'singing' 'jump' 'jumping'], predicted=jumps
question=['sing' 'singing' 'listen' 'listening'], predicted=scat
question=['sing' 'singing' 'look' 'looking'], predicted=looked
question=['sing' 'singing' 'move' 'moving'], predicted=driveway
question=['sing' 'singing' 'predict' 'predicting'], predicted=theory
question=['sing' 'singing' 'say' 'saying'], predicted=pedophile
question=['sing' 'singing' 'scream' 'screaming'], predicted=blacula
question=['sing' 'singing' 'see' 'seeing'], predicted=external
question=['sing' 'singing' 'shuffle' 'shuffling'], predicted=ickey
question=['sit' 'sitting' 'slow' 'slowing'], predicted=fast
question=['sit' 'sitting' 'swim' 'swimming'], predicted=watching
question=['sit' 'sitting' 'think' 'thinking'], predicted=saying
question=['sit' 'sitting' 'vanish' 'vanishing'], predicted=discounting
question=['sit' 'sitting' 'write' 'writing'], predicted=read
question=['sit' 'sitting' 'code' 'coding'], predicted=msil
question=['sit' 'sitting' 'dance' 'dancing'], predicted=lindy
question=['sit' 'sitting' 'debug' 'debugging'], predicted=programmer
question=['sit' 'sitting' 'decrease' 'decreasing'], predicted=increase
question=['sit' 'sitting' 'describe' 'describing'], predicted=euphemistic
question=['sit' 'sitting' 'discover' 'discovering'], predicted=fuegians
question=['sit' 'sitting' 'fly' 'flying'], predicted=flight
question=['sit' 'sitting' 'generate' 'generating'], predicted=generated
question=['sit' 'sitting' 'implement' 'implementing'], predicted=implemented
question=['sit' 'sitting' 'increase' 'increasing'], predicted=increases
question=['sit' 'sitting' 'invent' 'inventing'], predicted=transgressive
question=['sit' 'sitting' 'jump' 'jumping'], predicted=jumps
question=['sit' 'sitting' 'listen' 'listening'], predicted=overheard
question=['sit' 'sitting' 'predict' 'predicting'], predicted=predicted
question=['sit' 'sitting' 'read' 'reading'], predicted=aloud
question=['sit' 'sitting' 'scream' 'screaming'], predicted=disheveled
question=['sit' 'sitting' 'see' 'seeing'], predicted=called
question=['sit' 'sitting' 'shuffle' 'shuffling'], predicted=banging
question=['sit' 'sitting' 'sing' 'singing'], predicted=dirge
question=['slow' 'slowing' 'swim' 'swimming'], predicted=rhinemaidens
question=['slow' 'slowing' 'think' 'thinking'], predicted=perceive
question=['slow' 'slowing' 'vanish' 'vanishing'], predicted=radii
question=['slow' 'slowing' 'write' 'writing'], predicted=read
question=['slow' 'slowing' 'code' 'coding'], predicted=codes
question=['slow' 'slowing' 'dance' 'dancing'], predicted=ailey
question=['slow' 'slowing' 'debug' 'debugging'], predicted=recompiled
question=['slow' 'slowing' 'decrease' 'decreasing'], predicted=increase
question=['slow' 'slowing' 'describe' 'describing'], predicted=refer
question=['slow' 'slowing' 'discover' 'discovering'], predicted=aristarchus
question=['slow' 'slowing' 'fly' 'flying'], predicted=flew
question=['slow' 'slowing' 'increase' 'increasing'], predicted=decrease
question=['slow' 'slowing' 'invent' 'inventing'], predicted=debunk
question=['slow' 'slowing' 'jump' 'jumping'], predicted=parachute
question=['slow' 'slowing' 'listen' 'listening'], predicted=hear
question=['slow' 'slowing' 'move' 'moving'], predicted=leftward
question=['slow' 'slowing' 'predict' 'predicting'], predicted=unsuitability
question=['slow' 'slowing' 'read' 'reading'], predicted=write
question=['slow' 'slowing' 'say' 'saying'], predicted=think
question=['slow' 'slowing' 'scream' 'screaming'], predicted=howdy
question=['slow' 'slowing' 'see' 'seeing'], predicted=external
question=['slow' 'slowing' 'shuffle' 'shuffling'], predicted=crack
question=['slow' 'slowing' 'sing' 'singing'], predicted=hear
question=['slow' 'slowing' 'sit' 'sitting'], predicted=woolsack
question=['swim' 'swimming' 'think' 'thinking'], predicted=believe
question=['swim' 'swimming' 'vanish' 'vanishing'], predicted=pools
question=['swim' 'swimming' 'write' 'writing'], predicted=read
question=['swim' 'swimming' 'code' 'coding'], predicted=codes
question=['swim' 'swimming' 'dance' 'dancing'], predicted=dances
question=['swim' 'swimming' 'debug' 'debugging'], predicted=pool
question=['swim' 'swimming' 'decrease' 'decreasing'], predicted=increase
question=['swim' 'swimming' 'describe' 'describing'], predicted=term
question=['swim' 'swimming' 'discover' 'discovering'], predicted=pool
question=['swim' 'swimming' 'enhance' 'enhancing'], predicted=pool
question=['swim' 'swimming' 'fly' 'flying'], predicted=canoeing
question=['swim' 'swimming' 'go' 'going'], predicted=pool
question=['swim' 'swimming' 'implement' 'implementing'], predicted=conveniences
question=['swim' 'swimming' 'increase' 'increasing'], predicted=increased
question=['swim' 'swimming' 'invent' 'inventing'], predicted=sharashka
question=['swim' 'swimming' 'jump' 'jumping'], predicted=pool
question=['swim' 'swimming' 'listen' 'listening'], predicted=charade
question=['swim' 'swimming' 'look' 'looking'], predicted=looked
question=['swim' 'swimming' 'move' 'moving'], predicted=moves
question=['swim' 'swimming' 'play' 'playing'], predicted=played
question=['swim' 'swimming' 'predict' 'predicting'], predicted=prediction
question=['swim' 'swimming' 'read' 'reading'], predicted=voracious
question=['swim' 'swimming' 'say' 'saying'], predicted=believe
question=['swim' 'swimming' 'scream' 'screaming'], predicted=rhoads
question=['swim' 'swimming' 'see' 'seeing'], predicted=also
question=['swim' 'swimming' 'shuffle' 'shuffling'], predicted=pool
question=['swim' 'swimming' 'sing' 'singing'], predicted=sang
question=['swim' 'swimming' 'sit' 'sitting'], predicted=pool
question=['swim' 'swimming' 'slow' 'slowing'], predicted=fast
question=['think' 'thinking' 'vanish' 'vanishing'], predicted=conceits
question=['think' 'thinking' 'code' 'coding'], predicted=msil
question=['think' 'thinking' 'dance' 'dancing'], predicted=choreography
question=['think' 'thinking' 'debug' 'debugging'], predicted=reusability
question=['think' 'thinking' 'decrease' 'decreasing'], predicted=increase
question=['think' 'thinking' 'describe' 'describing'], predicted=concepts
question=['think' 'thinking' 'discover' 'discovering'], predicted=recreate
question=['think' 'thinking' 'fly' 'flying'], predicted=flew
question=['think' 'thinking' 'generate' 'generating'], predicted=create
question=['think' 'thinking' 'go' 'going'], predicted=went
question=['think' 'thinking' 'implement' 'implementing'], predicted=tlp
question=['think' 'thinking' 'increase' 'increasing'], predicted=increased
question=['think' 'thinking' 'invent' 'inventing'], predicted=complexities
question=['think' 'thinking' 'jump' 'jumping'], predicted=jumps
question=['think' 'thinking' 'listen' 'listening'], predicted=yearning
question=['think' 'thinking' 'move' 'moving'], predicted=moves
question=['think' 'thinking' 'predict' 'predicting'], predicted=prediction
question=['think' 'thinking' 'read' 'reading'], predicted=translated
question=['think' 'thinking' 'run' 'running'], predicted=runs
question=['think' 'thinking' 'say' 'saying'], predicted=knowledge
question=['think' 'thinking' 'scream' 'screaming'], predicted=expressionism
question=['think' 'thinking' 'see' 'seeing'], predicted=external
question=['think' 'thinking' 'shuffle' 'shuffling'], predicted=ickey
question=['think' 'thinking' 'sing' 'singing'], predicted=improvising
question=['think' 'thinking' 'sit' 'sitting'], predicted=judgment
question=['think' 'thinking' 'slow' 'slowing'], predicted=gradual
question=['think' 'thinking' 'swim' 'swimming'], predicted=beatmatching
question=['vanish' 'vanishing' 'walk' 'walking'], predicted=dropouts
question=['vanish' 'vanishing' 'write' 'writing'], predicted=read
question=['vanish' 'vanishing' 'code' 'coding'], predicted=msil
question=['vanish' 'vanishing' 'dance' 'dancing'], predicted=ailey
question=['vanish' 'vanishing' 'debug' 'debugging'], predicted=cweb
question=['vanish' 'vanishing' 'decrease' 'decreasing'], predicted=habitants
question=['vanish' 'vanishing' 'describe' 'describing'], predicted=synonymously
question=['vanish' 'vanishing' 'discover' 'discovering'], predicted=revolutionizing
question=['vanish' 'vanishing' 'fly' 'flying'], predicted=piloted
question=['vanish' 'vanishing' 'generate' 'generating'], predicted=generated
question=['vanish' 'vanishing' 'implement' 'implementing'], predicted=lookahead
question=['vanish' 'vanishing' 'increase' 'increasing'], predicted=habitants
question=['vanish' 'vanishing' 'invent' 'inventing'], predicted=ventriloquist
question=['vanish' 'vanishing' 'jump' 'jumping'], predicted=jumps
question=['vanish' 'vanishing' 'listen' 'listening'], predicted=ventriloquist
question=['vanish' 'vanishing' 'look' 'looking'], predicted=looks
question=['vanish' 'vanishing' 'move' 'moving'], predicted=putt
question=['vanish' 'vanishing' 'play' 'playing'], predicted=played
question=['vanish' 'vanishing' 'predict' 'predicting'], predicted=superstring
question=['vanish' 'vanishing' 'read' 'reading'], predicted=write
question=['vanish' 'vanishing' 'say' 'saying'], predicted=says
question=['vanish' 'vanishing' 'scream' 'screaming'], predicted=afx
question=['vanish' 'vanishing' 'see' 'seeing'], predicted=external
question=['vanish' 'vanishing' 'shuffle' 'shuffling'], predicted=quarterfinal
question=['vanish' 'vanishing' 'sing' 'singing'], predicted=ossie
question=['vanish' 'vanishing' 'sit' 'sitting'], predicted=putt
question=['vanish' 'vanishing' 'slow' 'slowing'], predicted=ultrahigh
question=['vanish' 'vanishing' 'swim' 'swimming'], predicted=cowboy
question=['vanish' 'vanishing' 'think' 'thinking'], predicted=consultancies
question=['walk' 'walking' 'write' 'writing'], predicted=read
question=['walk' 'walking' 'code' 'coding'], predicted=codebook
question=['walk' 'walking' 'decrease' 'decreasing'], predicted=increase
question=['walk' 'walking' 'discover' 'discovering'], predicted=uncovering
question=['walk' 'walking' 'enhance' 'enhancing'], predicted=improve
question=['walk' 'walking' 'fly' 'flying'], predicted=bikers
question=['walk' 'walking' 'generate' 'generating'], predicted=generated
question=['walk' 'walking' 'increase' 'increasing'], predicted=decrease
question=['walk' 'walking' 'invent' 'inventing'], predicted=blacksmiths
question=['walk' 'walking' 'jump' 'jumping'], predicted=jumps
question=['walk' 'walking' 'listen' 'listening'], predicted=humming
question=['walk' 'walking' 'move' 'moving'], predicted=moves
question=['walk' 'walking' 'predict' 'predicting'], predicted=superstring
question=['walk' 'walking' 'say' 'saying'], predicted=believe
question=['walk' 'walking' 'scream' 'screaming'], predicted=rippled
question=['walk' 'walking' 'see' 'seeing'], predicted=other
question=['walk' 'walking' 'shuffle' 'shuffling'], predicted=banging
question=['walk' 'walking' 'sing' 'singing'], predicted=moaning
question=['walk' 'walking' 'slow' 'slowing'], predicted=fast
question=['walk' 'walking' 'swim' 'swimming'], predicted=eventing
question=['walk' 'walking' 'think' 'thinking'], predicted=really
question=['walk' 'walking' 'vanish' 'vanishing'], predicted=timelike
question=['write' 'writing' 'code' 'coding'], predicted=codes
question=['write' 'writing' 'dance' 'dancing'], predicted=music
question=['write' 'writing' 'debug' 'debugging'], predicted=applescript
question=['write' 'writing' 'decrease' 'decreasing'], predicted=increase
question=['write' 'writing' 'discover' 'discovering'], predicted=piqued
question=['write' 'writing' 'enhance' 'enhancing'], predicted=acumen
question=['write' 'writing' 'fly' 'flying'], predicted=flight
question=['write' 'writing' 'generate' 'generating'], predicted=generated
question=['write' 'writing' 'increase' 'increasing'], predicted=decrease
question=['write' 'writing' 'invent' 'inventing'], predicted=invention
question=['write' 'writing' 'jump' 'jumping'], predicted=roundhouse
question=['write' 'writing' 'listen' 'listening'], predicted=irreverent
question=['write' 'writing' 'move' 'moving'], predicted=moves
question=['write' 'writing' 'predict' 'predicting'], predicted=underpin
question=['write' 'writing' 'say' 'saying'], predicted=believe
question=['write' 'writing' 'scream' 'screaming'], predicted=artwork
question=['write' 'writing' 'see' 'seeing'], predicted=history
question=['write' 'writing' 'shuffle' 'shuffling'], predicted=ickey
question=['write' 'writing' 'sing' 'singing'], predicted=dirge
question=['write' 'writing' 'sit' 'sitting'], predicted=vestibules
question=['write' 'writing' 'slow' 'slowing'], predicted=process
question=['write' 'writing' 'swim' 'swimming'], predicted=duckman
question=['write' 'writing' 'vanish' 'vanishing'], predicted=perusal
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=paraguayan
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=portuguese
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=serbian
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scotland
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=serbian
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=yucat
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=huascar
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=czech
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=theung
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=seyss
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=estado
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=mossadegh
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=mossadegh
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=huangdi
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=garz
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=televizija
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=almohads
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'england' 'english'], predicted=stadtholder
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'france' 'french'], predicted=bernadotte
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=seyss
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=metaxas
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=gundahar
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=rajputana
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=stadtholder
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=olmert
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=sicilia
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=rhee
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=yugoslav
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=saeima
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=transkei
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=saeima
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=seyss
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=sverre
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=fujimori
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=jagiello
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=pombal
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=czarist
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=wilno
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=aragon
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=arunachal
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=assr
question=['australia' 'australian' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=ecuador
question=['australia' 'australian' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scotland
question=['australia' 'australian' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=hellenic
question=['australia' 'australian' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=yugoslav
question=['australia' 'australian' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['australia' 'australian' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=czech
question=['australia' 'australian' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=indian
question=['australia' 'australian' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=russian
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scottish
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=macedonian
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=czech
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=tibetan
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=russian
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scotland
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=hellenic
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=ttir
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=cypriot
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scotland
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=turkish
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=vietnamese
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=russian
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=serbian
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=bosnia
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scotland
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=athens
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=gujarat
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=catania
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=yugoslav
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=gibraltar
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=utrecht
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=spain
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovenia
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=gibraltar
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=singapore
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=serbian
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scotland
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=macedonian
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=yugoslav
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=monaco
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=vietnamese
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=russian
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=serbian
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['china' 'chinese' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scotland
question=['china' 'chinese' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['china' 'chinese' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=polish
question=['china' 'chinese' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=vietnamese
question=['china' 'chinese' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['china' 'chinese' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scottish
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=konstantinos
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=yugoslav
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=vegan
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=russian
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=serbo
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=vietnamese
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=spanish
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=indian
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=russian
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scotland
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=lithuanian
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=korean
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=ruthenian
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=mexican
question=['england' 'english' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=hindi
question=['england' 'english' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=rusyn
question=['england' 'english' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=tiempo
question=['england' 'english' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=respublika
question=['england' 'english' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=romansh
question=['england' 'english' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=tagalog
question=['england' 'english' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=russian
question=['england' 'english' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['england' 'english' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['england' 'english' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=ecuador
question=['england' 'english' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=ecuador
question=['france' 'french' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['france' 'french' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['france' 'french' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=czech
question=['france' 'french' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=chinese
question=['france' 'french' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=russian
question=['france' 'french' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=spanish
question=['france' 'french' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=mexican
question=['germany' 'german' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=macedonian
question=['germany' 'german' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['germany' 'german' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=czech
question=['germany' 'german' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=vietnamese
question=['germany' 'german' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=russian
question=['germany' 'german' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['germany' 'german' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['germany' 'german' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=mexican
question=['germany' 'german' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scottish
question=['greece' 'greek' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=siddha
question=['greece' 'greek' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=hebrew
question=['greece' 'greek' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=japanese
question=['greece' 'greek' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=ketos
question=['greece' 'greek' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=yucat
question=['greece' 'greek' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['greece' 'greek' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=tiempo
question=['greece' 'greek' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
question=['greece' 'greek' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=koya
question=['greece' 'greek' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=russian
question=['greece' 'greek' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=spanish
question=['greece' 'greek' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=sterreich
question=['greece' 'greek' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['greece' 'greek' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=tiempo
question=['greece' 'greek' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=tiempo
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=spanish
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=vietnamese
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=russian
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=chilean
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=hungarian
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=basque
question=['india' 'indian' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=yugoslav
question=['india' 'indian' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=luxembourgian
question=['india' 'indian' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['india' 'indian' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=filipino
question=['india' 'indian' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=lviv
question=['india' 'indian' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['india' 'indian' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['india' 'indian' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=ecuador
question=['india' 'indian' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scotland
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=czech
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=asian
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=russian
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=ecuador
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'england' 'english'], predicted=welsh
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=macedonian
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=yugoslav
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=macau
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=transnistria
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovenia
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=asian
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=lviv
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=bolivian
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=ecuador
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=bosnia
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scotland
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=greenland
question=['italy' 'italian' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['italy' 'italian' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=filipino
question=['italy' 'italian' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=russian
question=['italy' 'italian' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['italy' 'italian' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=singaporean
question=['italy' 'italian' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=costa
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=vietnamese
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=mexican
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=serbian
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scottish
question=['korea' 'korean' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['korea' 'korean' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=tiempo
question=['korea' 'korean' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovenia
question=['korea' 'korean' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=tibetan
question=['korea' 'korean' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['korea' 'korean' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['korea' 'korean' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=colombia
question=['korea' 'korean' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scotland
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=portugal
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=russian
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=venezuela
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=swedish
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scotland
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=sonora
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=czech
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=portugal
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=dungan
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=venezuela
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'england' 'english'], predicted=welsh
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greeks
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=isk
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=czech
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=vietnamese
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=russian
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=serbian
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=chilean
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scotland
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=athenian
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=yugoslav
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=tiempo
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=gagauz
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=tamasheq
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=theung
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=romanians
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=serbian
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austro
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=maranh
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=serbian
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=sihanouk
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=gervasio
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=humberto
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scotland
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greeks
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=kolkata
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=parliament
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=czech
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=vietnamese
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=russian
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=ecuador
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'england' 'english'], predicted=henry
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=turkish
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=czech
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=vietnamese
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=russian
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=burgenland
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=asian
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=russian
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=balkans
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=carinthia
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=colombian
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scotland
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=macedonian
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=greenland
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['poland' 'polish' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=czech
question=['poland' 'polish' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=dungan
question=['poland' 'polish' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=russian
question=['poland' 'polish' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['poland' 'polish' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['poland' 'polish' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=yugoslav
question=['poland' 'polish' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=lithuanian
question=['poland' 'polish' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=czech
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=theung
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=russian
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=spanish
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=sterreich
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=ecuador
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=yugoslav
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['russia' 'russian' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=czech
question=['russia' 'russian' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['russia' 'russian' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['russia' 'russian' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=colombian
question=['russia' 'russian' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=turkish
question=['russia' 'russian' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=larisa
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=amado
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=emmerich
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=hristo
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=rosemarie
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=amado
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'england' 'english'], predicted=wotton
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=svend
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=yosef
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=greek
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=ponsonby
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=dutch
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=vietnamese
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=russian
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=hungarian
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=russian
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=mexican
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=turkish
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=yugoslav
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=czech
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=indian
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=russian
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scottish
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=macedonian
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=danish
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=yugoslav
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=macau
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=czech
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=bohdan
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=muay
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=muay
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=hrvatska
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'england' 'english'], predicted=cricketing
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=hellenic
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=muay
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=yugoslav
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=cadets
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=latvian
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=muay
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=serbian
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scottish
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=ttir
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=serbian
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=valletta
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=latvian
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=alsatian
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=increasing
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=enhance
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=fall
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=viviparous
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'going' 'went'], predicted=go
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=locked
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=pesky
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=bedded
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=conceiving
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=listeners
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=look
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=move
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=pay
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=play
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=predict
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=notes
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=run
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=says
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=completly
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=manichees
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=decreasing
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=dirge
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=sit
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=manitou
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=polarizations
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=tightened
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=traceable
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=canoeing
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=take
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=paracompact
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=bedded
question=['dancing' 'danced' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=alphasyllabary
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=describes
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=alertness
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=chicks
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=fly
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=generate
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=comrades
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=batted
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=legislation
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=dropkick
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=experience
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=move
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=play
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=wastage
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=further
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=run
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=stating
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=yelling
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=experience
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=sell
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=increased
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=song
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=adjourned
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=sickness
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=noticeable
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=racquetball
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=oratorical
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=topological
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=bikers
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=alphasyllabary
question=['decreasing' 'decreased' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=dances
question=['describing' 'described' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=enhance
question=['describing' 'described' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=falls
question=['describing' 'described' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=viviparous
question=['describing' 'described' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=flown
question=['describing' 'described' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=produced
question=['describing' 'described' 'going' 'went'], predicted=gone
question=['describing' 'described' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=mistreated
question=['describing' 'described' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=snowboarding
question=['describing' 'described' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=thought
question=['describing' 'described' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=thought
question=['describing' 'described' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=seen
question=['describing' 'described' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=seen
question=['describing' 'described' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=further
question=['describing' 'described' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=run
question=['describing' 'described' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=phoned
question=['describing' 'described' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=seen
question=['describing' 'described' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=shrinkage
question=['describing' 'described' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=movin
question=['describing' 'described' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=seen
question=['describing' 'described' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=bitten
question=['describing' 'described' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=inflicted
question=['describing' 'described' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=canoeing
question=['describing' 'described' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=taken
question=['describing' 'described' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=paracompact
question=['describing' 'described' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=canoeing
question=['describing' 'described' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=written
question=['describing' 'described' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=dances
question=['describing' 'described' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=increasing
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=rising
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=iguana
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=sdk
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'going' 'went'], predicted=looked
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=locked
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=pesky
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=unicycling
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=bookings
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=move
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=millennialism
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=further
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=run
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=says
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=yelling
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=looked
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=shrunk
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=lombardo
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=seated
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=spacious
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=accelerated
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=budget
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=ledges
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=unicycling
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=take
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=backus
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=slievemore
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=alphasyllabary
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=dances
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=reduced
question=['enhancing' 'enhanced' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=describes
question=['falling' 'fell' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=viviparous
question=['falling' 'fell' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=fascicle
question=['falling' 'fell' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=fled
question=['falling' 'fell' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=rbis
question=['falling' 'fell' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=vetoing
question=['falling' 'fell' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=mounts
question=['falling' 'fell' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=weisker
question=['falling' 'fell' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=pay
question=['falling' 'fell' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=rhodes
question=['falling' 'fell' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=ivins
question=['falling' 'fell' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=says
question=['falling' 'fell' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=greenwald
question=['falling' 'fell' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=grew
question=['falling' 'fell' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=troubadour
question=['falling' 'fell' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=stayed
question=['falling' 'fell' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=housekeeper
question=['falling' 'fell' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=weakened
question=['falling' 'fell' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=rebelling
question=['falling' 'fell' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=clapham
question=['falling' 'fell' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=oratorical
question=['falling' 'fell' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=yorke
question=['falling' 'fell' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=went
question=['falling' 'fell' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=nashe
question=['falling' 'fell' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=dance
question=['falling' 'fell' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=declined
question=['falling' 'fell' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=describes
question=['falling' 'fell' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=enhance
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=flown
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'going' 'went'], predicted=turned
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=locked
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=unearned
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=implement
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=jump
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=edgy
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=turned
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=flowing
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=prediction
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=michener
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=run
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=replied
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=schtick
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=turned
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=powerhouse
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=song
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=drawn
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=beaten
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=counteracted
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=repaid
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=rebelling
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=olympic
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=taken
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=plantinga
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=nonempty
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=walk
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=written
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=tilov
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=counteracted
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=describes
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=enhance
question=['feeding' 'fed' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=rising
question=['flying' 'flew' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=producing
question=['flying' 'flew' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=fled
question=['flying' 'flew' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=homered
question=['flying' 'flew' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=snuck
question=['flying' 'flew' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=reach
question=['flying' 'flew' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=move
question=['flying' 'flew' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=pay
question=['flying' 'flew' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=eclipses
question=['flying' 'flew' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=ivins
question=['flying' 'flew' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=replied
question=['flying' 'flew' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=bumped
question=['flying' 'flew' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=forgave
question=['flying' 'flew' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=sell
question=['flying' 'flew' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=reaches
question=['flying' 'flew' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=woolsack
question=['flying' 'flew' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=seeps
question=['flying' 'flew' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=weakened
question=['flying' 'flew' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=grappler
question=['flying' 'flew' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=waters
question=['flying' 'flew' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=philosophy
question=['flying' 'flew' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=differentiable
question=['flying' 'flew' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=wanders
question=['flying' 'flew' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=rehearsing
question=['flying' 'flew' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=increases
question=['flying' 'flew' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=describes
question=['flying' 'flew' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=reacquired
question=['flying' 'flew' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=pups
question=['generating' 'generated' 'going' 'went'], predicted=roared
question=['generating' 'generated' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=stumbles
question=['generating' 'generated' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=pesky
question=['generating' 'generated' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=snowboarding
question=['generating' 'generated' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=iggy
question=['generating' 'generated' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=travelator
question=['generating' 'generated' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=landslides
question=['generating' 'generated' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=ivins
question=['generating' 'generated' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=run
question=['generating' 'generated' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=stating
question=['generating' 'generated' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=yelling
question=['generating' 'generated' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=witnessed
question=['generating' 'generated' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=produced
question=['generating' 'generated' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=counteracted
question=['generating' 'generated' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=inno
question=['generating' 'generated' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=perched
question=['generating' 'generated' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=redneck
question=['generating' 'generated' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=counteracted
question=['generating' 'generated' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=budget
question=['generating' 'generated' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=grappler
question=['generating' 'generated' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=snowboarding
question=['generating' 'generated' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=taken
question=['generating' 'generated' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=obsessively
question=['generating' 'generated' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=presheaf
question=['generating' 'generated' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=snowboarding
question=['generating' 'generated' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=written
question=['generating' 'generated' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=dancers
question=['generating' 'generated' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=describes
question=['generating' 'generated' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=enhance
question=['generating' 'generated' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=rising
question=['generating' 'generated' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=regurgitated
question=['generating' 'generated' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=flown
question=['going' 'went' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=fled
question=['going' 'went' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=homerun
question=['going' 'went' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=worked
question=['going' 'went' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=smashes
question=['going' 'went' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=befriending
question=['going' 'went' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=pay
question=['going' 'went' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=disastrous
question=['going' 'went' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=references
question=['going' 'went' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=says
question=['going' 'went' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=cursing
question=['going' 'went' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=sell
question=['going' 'went' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=dwindled
question=['going' 'went' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=barbershop
question=['going' 'went' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=died
question=['going' 'went' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=died
question=['going' 'went' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=began
question=['going' 'went' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=similarity
question=['going' 'went' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=competed
question=['going' 'went' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=respectability
question=['going' 'went' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=topological
question=['going' 'went' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=stumbles
question=['going' 'went' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=dance
question=['going' 'went' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=describes
question=['going' 'went' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=enhances
question=['going' 'went' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=forage
question=['going' 'went' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=generate
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=batter
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=cnc
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=bmx
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=telex
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=webshots
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=flowing
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=texts
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=run
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=replied
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=talkin
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=talos
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=sell
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=boosted
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=song
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=sit
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=shaves
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=ultrahigh
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=spend
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=rotund
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=volleyball
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=contractive
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=wheels
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=dances
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=increasing
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=describes
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=enhance
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=clams
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=wheels
question=['hiding' 'hid' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=generate
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=implement
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=safari
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=know
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=listeners
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=look
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=play
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=event
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=michener
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=run
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=replied
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=fuckin
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=reappearing
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=expanded
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=song
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=adjourned
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=killed
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=ladyland
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=budget
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=hits
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=canoeing
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=take
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=tuples
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=wineries
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=written
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=songs
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=increasing
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=enhance
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=hives
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=fly
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'going' 'went'], predicted=jammin
question=['hitting' 'hit' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=killed
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=bungee
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=knowledge
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=uninterested
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=thrown
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=seen
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=ivins
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=run
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=replied
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=dammit
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=seen
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=buffered
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=scat
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=screwed
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=chimneys
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=counteracted
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=subtle
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=volleyball
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=taken
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=contractive
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=cobbles
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=written
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=breakdance
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=increasing
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=enhance
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=thrown
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=hatchlings
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=aerobatics
question=['implementing' 'implemented' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=stumbles
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=luge
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=move
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=wastage
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=ivins
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=run
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=stating
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=yelling
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=reappearing
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=decreased
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=song
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=seated
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=sickness
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=volleyball
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=oratorical
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=presheaf
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=bikers
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=alphasyllabary
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=maypole
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=describes
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=enhances
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=rising
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=feed
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=flown
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=generate
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=stumbles
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=pesky
question=['increasing' 'increased' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=implement
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=guesses
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=play
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=whiston
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=retorted
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=norville
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=believing
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=cancelling
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=dirge
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=woolsack
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=yelabuga
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=leftward
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=pericles
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=replenish
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=believing
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=milnor
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=buries
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=manuscript
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=howdy
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=increasing
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=describes
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=reducing
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=rising
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=hatchlings
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=locked
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=evened
question=['jumping' 'jumped' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=vetoing
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=weisker
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=pontificalis
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=replied
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=laughed
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=looked
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=bought
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=unimpressive
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=replied
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=dying
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=paraded
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=clapham
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=felt
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=milnor
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=wanders
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=sang
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=increasing
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=describes
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=enhance
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=overworked
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=skymaster
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=produce
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=fled
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=grabbed
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=vetoing
question=['knowing' 'knew' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=centurions
question=['listening' 'listened' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=traveling
question=['listening' 'listened' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=unfolded
question=['listening' 'listened' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=memoriae
question=['listening' 'listened' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=run
question=['listening' 'listened' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=replied
question=['listening' 'listened' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=dammit
question=['listening' 'listened' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=eulogized
question=['listening' 'listened' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=subsided
question=['listening' 'listened' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=song
question=['listening' 'listened' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=seated
question=['listening' 'listened' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=porters
question=['listening' 'listened' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=subsided
question=['listening' 'listened' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=pool
question=['listening' 'listened' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=taken
question=['listening' 'listened' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=delve
question=['listening' 'listened' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=differentiable
question=['listening' 'listened' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=stumbles
question=['listening' 'listened' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=miscellanies
question=['listening' 'listened' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=dance
question=['listening' 'listened' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=reduced
question=['listening' 'listened' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=describes
question=['listening' 'listened' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=subsided
question=['listening' 'listened' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=locusts
question=['listening' 'listened' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=stumbles
question=['listening' 'listened' 'going' 'went'], predicted=gone
question=['listening' 'listened' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=stumbles
question=['listening' 'listened' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=hurled
question=['listening' 'listened' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=vetoed
question=['listening' 'listened' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=stumbles
question=['listening' 'listened' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=thankful
question=['looking' 'looked' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=move
question=['looking' 'looked' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=glorious
question=['looking' 'looked' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=scholars
question=['looking' 'looked' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=run
question=['looking' 'looked' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=felt
question=['looking' 'looked' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=booed
question=['looking' 'looked' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=felt
question=['looking' 'looked' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=sell
question=['looking' 'looked' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=boosted
question=['looking' 'looked' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=troubadour
question=['looking' 'looked' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=sit
question=['looking' 'looked' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=maimed
question=['looking' 'looked' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=irreparably
question=['looking' 'looked' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=braced
question=['looking' 'looked' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=volleyball
question=['looking' 'looked' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=felt
question=['looking' 'looked' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=nonempty
question=['looking' 'looked' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=walk
question=['looking' 'looked' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=polychoral
question=['looking' 'looked' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=maypole
question=['looking' 'looked' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=reduced
question=['looking' 'looked' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=describes
question=['looking' 'looked' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=enhance
question=['looking' 'looked' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=rising
question=['looking' 'looked' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=clams
question=['looking' 'looked' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=generate
question=['looking' 'looked' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=briseis
question=['looking' 'looked' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=bowled
question=['looking' 'looked' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=implement
question=['looking' 'looked' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=eventing
question=['moving' 'moved' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=rebounded
question=['moving' 'moved' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=michio
question=['moving' 'moved' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=run
question=['moving' 'moved' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=says
question=['moving' 'moved' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=inez
question=['moving' 'moved' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=returned
question=['moving' 'moved' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=rebounded
question=['moving' 'moved' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=returned
question=['moving' 'moved' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=heger
question=['moving' 'moved' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=weakened
question=['moving' 'moved' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=returned
question=['moving' 'moved' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=perished
question=['moving' 'moved' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=returned
question=['moving' 'moved' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=returned
question=['moving' 'moved' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=gummo
question=['moving' 'moved' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=reduced
question=['moving' 'moved' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=describes
question=['moving' 'moved' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=enhance
question=['moving' 'moved' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=phocid
question=['moving' 'moved' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=skyhawk
question=['moving' 'moved' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=endow
question=['moving' 'moved' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=fled
question=['moving' 'moved' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=mussina
question=['moving' 'moved' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=vetoing
question=['moving' 'moved' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=returned
question=['moving' 'moved' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=rejoined
question=['moving' 'moved' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=returned
question=['moving' 'moved' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=returned
question=['paying' 'paid' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=predict
question=['paying' 'paid' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=further
question=['paying' 'paid' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=run
question=['paying' 'paid' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=stated
question=['paying' 'paid' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=henchman
question=['paying' 'paid' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=nobler
question=['paying' 'paid' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=decreased
question=['paying' 'paid' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=song
question=['paying' 'paid' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=seated
question=['paying' 'paid' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=coler
question=['paying' 'paid' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=slows
question=['paying' 'paid' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=grappler
question=['paying' 'paid' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=sport
question=['paying' 'paid' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=taken
question=['paying' 'paid' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=inculcate
question=['paying' 'paid' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=nonempty
question=['paying' 'paid' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=bikers
question=['paying' 'paid' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=poetry
question=['paying' 'paid' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=carousel
question=['paying' 'paid' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=describes
question=['paying' 'paid' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=enhance
question=['paying' 'paid' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=rising
question=['paying' 'paid' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=rehydration
question=['paying' 'paid' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=flown
question=['paying' 'paid' 'going' 'went'], predicted=gone
question=['paying' 'paid' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=shimei
question=['paying' 'paid' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=lazzeri
question=['paying' 'paid' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=liberalized
question=['paying' 'paid' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=dressage
question=['paying' 'paid' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=stated
question=['paying' 'paid' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=radio
question=['paying' 'paid' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=rotating
question=['playing' 'played' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=deren
question=['playing' 'played' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=run
question=['playing' 'played' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=broderick
question=['playing' 'played' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=seen
question=['playing' 'played' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=produced
question=['playing' 'played' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=dwindled
question=['playing' 'played' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=song
question=['playing' 'played' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=killed
question=['playing' 'played' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=killed
question=['playing' 'played' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=perrine
question=['playing' 'played' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=taken
question=['playing' 'played' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=measurable
question=['playing' 'played' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=ascot
question=['playing' 'played' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=written
question=['playing' 'played' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=dances
question=['playing' 'played' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=increasing
question=['playing' 'played' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=sterol
question=['playing' 'played' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=rising
question=['playing' 'played' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=phocid
question=['playing' 'played' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=flown
question=['playing' 'played' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=produced
question=['playing' 'played' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=killed
question=['playing' 'played' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=racecourse
question=['playing' 'played' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=thankful
question=['playing' 'played' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=radio
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=krugman
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=run
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=sinthasomphone
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=claimed
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=dwindled
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=immigrated
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=propped
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=molested
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=counteracted
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=grappler
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=snuck
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=taken
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=nonempty
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=snuck
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=written
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=dancers
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=reduced
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=enhance
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=beaten
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=kittens
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=flown
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=produced
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'going' 'went'], predicted=said
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=sinthasomphone
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=snuck
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=snuck
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=dyslexic
question=['predicting' 'predicted' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=molested
question=['reading' 'read' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=run
question=['reading' 'read' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=know
question=['reading' 'read' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=swagger
question=['reading' 'read' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=write
question=['reading' 'read' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=sell
question=['reading' 'read' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=write
question=['reading' 'read' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=sung
question=['reading' 'read' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=propped
question=['reading' 'read' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=enslaving
question=['reading' 'read' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=backspin
question=['reading' 'read' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=budget
question=['reading' 'read' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=grappler
question=['reading' 'read' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=surfboard
question=['reading' 'read' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=take
question=['reading' 'read' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=comprehend
question=['reading' 'read' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=countable
question=['reading' 'read' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=walk
question=['reading' 'read' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=write
question=['reading' 'read' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=hates
question=['reading' 'read' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=describe
question=['reading' 'read' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=convey
question=['reading' 'read' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=shake
question=['reading' 'read' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=krill
question=['reading' 'read' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=flown
question=['reading' 'read' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=write
question=['reading' 'read' 'going' 'went'], predicted=get
question=['reading' 'read' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=crept
question=['reading' 'read' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=batted
question=['reading' 'read' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=implement
question=['reading' 'read' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=eventing
question=['reading' 'read' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=know
question=['reading' 'read' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=write
question=['reading' 'read' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=move
question=['reading' 'read' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=play
question=['reading' 'read' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=predict
question=['running' 'ran' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=says
question=['running' 'ran' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=norville
question=['running' 'ran' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=sell
question=['running' 'ran' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=slashing
question=['running' 'ran' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=troubadour
question=['running' 'ran' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=adjourned
question=['running' 'ran' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=bedroom
question=['running' 'ran' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=feared
question=['running' 'ran' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=boating
question=['running' 'ran' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=furthers
question=['running' 'ran' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=srinivasa
question=['running' 'ran' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=stumbles
question=['running' 'ran' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=dance
question=['running' 'ran' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=increasing
question=['running' 'ran' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=describes
question=['running' 'ran' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=enhances
question=['running' 'ran' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=nectar
question=['running' 'ran' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=generate
question=['running' 'ran' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=stumbles
question=['running' 'ran' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=vetoing
question=['running' 'ran' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=broke
question=['running' 'ran' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=rydberg
question=['running' 'ran' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=ivins
question=['saying' 'said' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=danson
question=['saying' 'said' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=believed
question=['saying' 'said' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=shrinkage
question=['saying' 'said' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=cassie
question=['saying' 'said' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=seated
question=['saying' 'said' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=died
question=['saying' 'said' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=rubbery
question=['saying' 'said' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=gymnast
question=['saying' 'said' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=take
question=['saying' 'said' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=presheaf
question=['saying' 'said' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=tightrope
question=['saying' 'said' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=written
question=['saying' 'said' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=dances
question=['saying' 'said' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=reduced
question=['saying' 'said' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=describes
question=['saying' 'said' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=due
question=['saying' 'said' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=sperm
question=['saying' 'said' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=flown
question=['saying' 'said' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=produced
question=['saying' 'said' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=imprisoned
question=['saying' 'said' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=mussina
question=['saying' 'said' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=introduced
question=['saying' 'said' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=tightrope
question=['saying' 'said' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=believed
question=['saying' 'said' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=thought
question=['saying' 'said' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=turned
question=['saying' 'said' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=believed
question=['saying' 'said' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=further
question=['saying' 'said' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=run
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=denethor
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=sell
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=faltered
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=song
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=sit
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=undressing
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=parallels
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=canoeing
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=take
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=delve
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=paracompact
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=theban
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=written
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=dances
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=increasing
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=describes
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=enhance
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=phocid
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=skymaster
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=efficient
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'going' 'went'], predicted=gone
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=cadmus
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=fangio
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=implement
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=canoeing
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=gaudi
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=move
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=play
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=marjatta
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=pontificalis
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=run
question=['screaming' 'screamed' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=says
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=produced
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=dwindled
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=song
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=skinny
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=underwent
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=marked
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=sport
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=cotangent
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=tightrope
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=dances
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=increasing
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=describes
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=enhances
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=underwent
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=produced
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=took
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=batted
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=bungee
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=countermeasures
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=came
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=oversaw
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=further
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=replied
question=['seeing' 'saw' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=talkin
question=['selling' 'sold' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=cartons
question=['selling' 'sold' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=sings
question=['selling' 'sold' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=propped
question=['selling' 'sold' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=manitou
question=['selling' 'sold' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=irradiance
question=['selling' 'sold' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=accentuating
question=['selling' 'sold' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=brayford
question=['selling' 'sold' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=taken
question=['selling' 'sold' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=functionals
question=['selling' 'sold' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=gouged
question=['selling' 'sold' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=typefaces
question=['selling' 'sold' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=celesta
question=['selling' 'sold' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=reduced
question=['selling' 'sold' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=describes
question=['selling' 'sold' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=quetiapine
question=['selling' 'sold' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=fallen
question=['selling' 'sold' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=omnivores
question=['selling' 'sold' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=flown
question=['selling' 'sold' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=dimensioned
question=['selling' 'sold' 'going' 'went'], predicted=gone
question=['selling' 'sold' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=locked
question=['selling' 'sold' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=mussina
question=['selling' 'sold' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=eventing
question=['selling' 'sold' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=knoweth
question=['selling' 'sold' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=ondes
question=['selling' 'sold' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=megaliths
question=['selling' 'sold' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=ivins
question=['selling' 'sold' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=run
question=['selling' 'sold' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=says
question=['selling' 'sold' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=pwnage
question=['selling' 'sold' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=chanced
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=dirge
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=dining
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=disposed
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=remedied
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=budget
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=objecting
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=boarder
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=take
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=seemed
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=nonempty
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=andover
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=poetry
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=dance
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=increasing
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=describes
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=enhance
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=schiavo
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=flown
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=generates
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=secluded
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=rbis
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=vetoing
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=jump
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=solon
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=deaf
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=pay
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=prediction
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=ivins
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=run
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=apologise
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=surratt
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=forgave
question=['shrinking' 'shrank' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=sell
question=['singing' 'sang' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=warms
question=['singing' 'sang' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=warms
question=['singing' 'sang' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=ledges
question=['singing' 'sang' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=volleyball
question=['singing' 'sang' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=measurable
question=['singing' 'sang' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=riding
question=['singing' 'sang' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=decreases
question=['singing' 'sang' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=describes
question=['singing' 'sang' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=enhance
question=['singing' 'sang' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=rising
question=['singing' 'sang' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=krill
question=['singing' 'sang' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=producing
question=['singing' 'sang' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=stumbles
question=['singing' 'sang' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=runs
question=['singing' 'sang' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=canoeing
question=['singing' 'sang' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=loudspeakers
question=['singing' 'sang' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=warms
question=['singing' 'sang' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=warms
question=['singing' 'sang' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=etext
question=['singing' 'sang' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=run
question=['singing' 'sang' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=says
question=['singing' 'sang' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=hairdresser
question=['singing' 'sang' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=chanced
question=['singing' 'sang' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=warms
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=sleep
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=wobble
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=namely
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=gymnast
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=hausdorff
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=wanders
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=write
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=dances
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=describes
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=soundex
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=fallen
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=placental
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=flown
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=producing
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=interrogating
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=hitters
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=np
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=bungee
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=meditated
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=playback
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=look
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=traveling
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'paying' 'paid'], predicted=pay
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=play
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=prediction
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=further
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=runs
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=says
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=paar
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=claimed
question=['sitting' 'sat' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=restructuring
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=chlorofluorocarbons
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=grudge
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=dockers
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=knowledge
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=cosh
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=wanders
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=decreases
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=discusses
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=magnify
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=fallen
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=krill
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=generate
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=stumbles
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=hbp
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=implement
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=eventing
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=learn
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=move
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=eclipses
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=michio
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=says
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=scuse
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=saying
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=sell
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=diversified
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=song
question=['sleeping' 'slept' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=sit
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=albinos
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=volleyball
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=monic
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=stumbles
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=alphasyllabary
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=dance
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=increasing
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=describes
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=enhance
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=sperm
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=midget
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=stumbles
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=mussina
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=canoeing
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=realizing
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=teleco
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=play
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=contending
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=further
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=run
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=says
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=fidrych
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=teleco
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=solidified
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=unchained
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=screwed
question=['slowing' 'slowed' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=bedroom
question=['spending' 'spent' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=bent
question=['spending' 'spent' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=volleyball
question=['spending' 'spent' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=knew
question=['spending' 'spent' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=presheaf
question=['spending' 'spent' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=swims
question=['spending' 'spent' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=undeciphered
question=['spending' 'spent' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=hates
question=['spending' 'spent' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=increasing
question=['spending' 'spent' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=describes
question=['spending' 'spent' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=inspiration
question=['spending' 'spent' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=caught
question=['spending' 'spent' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=clams
question=['spending' 'spent' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=aerobatic
question=['spending' 'spent' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=escaped
question=['spending' 'spent' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=pesky
question=['spending' 'spent' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=working
question=['spending' 'spent' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=bmx
question=['spending' 'spent' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=determining
question=['spending' 'spent' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=ivins
question=['spending' 'spent' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=replied
question=['spending' 'spent' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=amnesiac
question=['spending' 'spent' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=knew
question=['spending' 'spent' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=trapped
question=['spending' 'spent' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=moreschi
question=['spending' 'spent' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=seated
question=['spending' 'spent' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=housekeeper
question=['spending' 'spent' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=died
question=['striking' 'struck' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=capriati
question=['striking' 'struck' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=taken
question=['striking' 'struck' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=learnt
question=['striking' 'struck' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=noetherian
question=['striking' 'struck' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=snuck
question=['striking' 'struck' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=written
question=['striking' 'struck' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=capriati
question=['striking' 'struck' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=lowered
question=['striking' 'struck' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=describes
question=['striking' 'struck' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=increased
question=['striking' 'struck' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=slid
question=['striking' 'struck' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=gutted
question=['striking' 'struck' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=superfortress
question=['striking' 'struck' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=locked
question=['striking' 'struck' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=snuck
question=['striking' 'struck' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=told
question=['striking' 'struck' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=heard
question=['striking' 'struck' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=storms
question=['striking' 'struck' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=michener
question=['striking' 'struck' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=told
question=['striking' 'struck' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=fidrych
question=['striking' 'struck' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=forgave
question=['striking' 'struck' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=dwindled
question=['striking' 'struck' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=dirge
question=['striking' 'struck' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=asked
question=['striking' 'struck' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=matterhorn
question=['striking' 'struck' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=depreciation
question=['striking' 'struck' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=eloped
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=disbelieved
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=paracompact
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=curving
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=writes
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=sinew
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=curving
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=encrypt
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=bottomed
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=zooplankton
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=flown
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=generate
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=stumbles
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=bounces
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=stump
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=heard
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=curving
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=predictions
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=curving
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=says
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=shoved
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=milesians
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=sell
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=bottomed
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=toi
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=screwed
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=ashdod
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=curving
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=tightened
question=['swimming' 'swam' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=bounces
question=['taking' 'took' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=topological
question=['taking' 'took' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=went
question=['taking' 'took' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=tilov
question=['taking' 'took' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=declined
question=['taking' 'took' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=describes
question=['taking' 'took' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=gave
question=['taking' 'took' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=feed
question=['taking' 'took' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=generate
question=['taking' 'took' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=alnwick
question=['taking' 'took' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=homered
question=['taking' 'took' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=gamla
question=['taking' 'took' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=saw
question=['taking' 'took' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=saw
question=['taking' 'took' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=michio
question=['taking' 'took' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=replied
question=['taking' 'took' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=wannstedt
question=['taking' 'took' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=sell
question=['taking' 'took' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=solidified
question=['taking' 'took' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=song
question=['taking' 'took' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=sits
question=['taking' 'took' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=stayed
question=['taking' 'took' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=tenacious
question=['taking' 'took' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=gamla
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=measurable
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=mudders
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=written
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=considered
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=reduced
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=pathogenesis
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=meteoroids
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=flatworms
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=flown
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=produced
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'going' 'went'], predicted=said
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=believed
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=pesky
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=proposed
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=skateboarding
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=believed
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=believed
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=electrostatically
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=further
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'running' 'ran'], predicted=run
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=victimized
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=believed
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=produced
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=bolide
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=song
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=seen
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=flavorless
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=bremsstrahlung
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=noticeable
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=campsites
question=['thinking' 'thought' 'taking' 'took'], predicted=taken
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=snuck
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=naqada
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=feasting
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=dwindled
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=unflattering
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=gulia
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=coming
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=forage
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=habash
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=untapped
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=minya
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=snuck
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=rejoining
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=snuck
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=uninterested
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'looking' 'looked'], predicted=earthworks
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=move
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'playing' 'played'], predicted=freelancer
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=pontificalis
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=replied
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=sinthasomphone
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=enticed
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'selling' 'sold'], predicted=sell
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=dwindled
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=dirge
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=sinthasomphone
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=jarrah
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=dwindled
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'spending' 'spent'], predicted=withered
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=naqada
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=snuck
question=['vanishing' 'vanished' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=preeminence
question=['walking' 'walked' 'writing' 'wrote'], predicted=nashe
question=['walking' 'walked' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=kurtis
question=['walking' 'walked' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=describes
question=['walking' 'walked' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=charmbracelet
question=['walking' 'walked' 'falling' 'fell'], predicted=fallen
question=['walking' 'walked' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=schiavo
question=['walking' 'walked' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=averaged
question=['walking' 'walked' 'going' 'went'], predicted=gone
question=['walking' 'walked' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=comrades
question=['walking' 'walked' 'hitting' 'hit'], predicted=rbis
question=['walking' 'walked' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=vetoing
question=['walking' 'walked' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=touched
question=['walking' 'walked' 'knowing' 'knew'], predicted=saying
question=['walking' 'walked' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=complained
question=['walking' 'walked' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=predict
question=['walking' 'walked' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=naveh
question=['walking' 'walked' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=replied
question=['walking' 'walked' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=laughed
question=['walking' 'walked' 'seeing' 'saw'], predicted=saying
question=['walking' 'walked' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=fallen
question=['walking' 'walked' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=song
question=['walking' 'walked' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=replied
question=['walking' 'walked' 'sleeping' 'slept'], predicted=handprints
question=['walking' 'walked' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=arrears
question=['walking' 'walked' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=bhagiratha
question=['walking' 'walked' 'thinking' 'thought'], predicted=minds
question=['walking' 'walked' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=nonempty
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'dancing' 'danced'], predicted=lauper
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'decreasing' 'decreased'], predicted=decreases
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'describing' 'described'], predicted=describes
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'enhancing' 'enhanced'], predicted=divinorum
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'feeding' 'fed'], predicted=salivary
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'flying' 'flew'], predicted=flies
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'generating' 'generated'], predicted=collects
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'hiding' 'hid'], predicted=stumbles
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'implementing' 'implemented'], predicted=vetoed
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'jumping' 'jumped'], predicted=frenchy
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'listening' 'listened'], predicted=astonishment
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'moving' 'moved'], predicted=rotating
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'predicting' 'predicted'], predicted=predicts
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'reading' 'read'], predicted=michio
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'saying' 'said'], predicted=says
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'screaming' 'screamed'], predicted=crap
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'shrinking' 'shrank'], predicted=bolide
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'singing' 'sang'], predicted=song
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'sitting' 'sat'], predicted=madam
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'slowing' 'slowed'], predicted=chills
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'striking' 'struck'], predicted=hurls
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'swimming' 'swam'], predicted=mariel
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'vanishing' 'vanished'], predicted=annihilates
question=['writing' 'wrote' 'walking' 'walked'], predicted=hurls
question=['banana' 'bananas' 'bottle' 'bottles'], predicted=newsprint
question=['banana' 'bananas' 'building' 'buildings'], predicted=imports
question=['banana' 'bananas' 'cloud' 'clouds'], predicted=seeding
question=['banana' 'bananas' 'color' 'colors'], predicted=colour
question=['banana' 'bananas' 'cow' 'cows'], predicted=tipping
question=['banana' 'bananas' 'dog' 'dogs'], predicted=borzoi
question=['banana' 'bananas' 'dollar' 'dollars'], predicted=expenditures
question=['banana' 'bananas' 'donkey' 'donkeys'], predicted=zebras
question=['banana' 'bananas' 'eagle' 'eagles'], predicted=raptor
question=['banana' 'bananas' 'elephant' 'elephants'], predicted=giraffe
question=['banana' 'bananas' 'eye' 'eyes'], predicted=strabismus
question=['banana' 'bananas' 'finger' 'fingers'], predicted=keys
question=['banana' 'bananas' 'hand' 'hands'], predicted=masteries
question=['banana' 'bananas' 'lion' 'lions'], predicted=nemean
question=['banana' 'bananas' 'mango' 'mangoes'], predicted=pineapples
question=['banana' 'bananas' 'melon' 'melons'], predicted=wasabi
question=['banana' 'bananas' 'monkey' 'monkeys'], predicted=pineapples
question=['banana' 'bananas' 'onion' 'onions'], predicted=beets
question=['banana' 'bananas' 'pear' 'pears'], predicted=pineapples
question=['banana' 'bananas' 'pig' 'pigs'], predicted=beets
question=['banana' 'bananas' 'rat' 'rats'], predicted=itchy
question=['banana' 'bananas' 'snake' 'snakes'], predicted=juggle
question=['banana' 'bananas' 'woman' 'women'], predicted=newlyweds
question=['bird' 'birds' 'bottle' 'bottles'], predicted=orientable
question=['bird' 'birds' 'color' 'colors'], predicted=colour
question=['bird' 'birds' 'cow' 'cows'], predicted=tipping
question=['bird' 'birds' 'dollar' 'dollars'], predicted=gbp
question=['bird' 'birds' 'eagle' 'eagles'], predicted=haast
question=['bird' 'birds' 'eye' 'eyes'], predicted=lobes
question=['bird' 'birds' 'hand' 'hands'], predicted=grasping
question=['bird' 'birds' 'lion' 'lions'], predicted=nemean
question=['bird' 'birds' 'mango' 'mangoes'], predicted=parsley
question=['bird' 'birds' 'melon' 'melons'], predicted=squids
question=['bird' 'birds' 'monkey' 'monkeys'], predicted=saimiri
question=['bird' 'birds' 'onion' 'onions'], predicted=garlic
question=['bird' 'birds' 'pear' 'pears'], predicted=apples
question=['bird' 'birds' 'pig' 'pigs'], predicted=animals
question=['bird' 'birds' 'pineapple' 'pineapples'], predicted=mangoes
question=['bird' 'birds' 'rat' 'rats'], predicted=weasels
question=['bird' 'birds' 'snake' 'snakes'], predicted=hoofed
question=['bird' 'birds' 'banana' 'bananas'], predicted=copra
question=['bottle' 'bottles' 'cat' 'cats'], predicted=meow
question=['bottle' 'bottles' 'dollar' 'dollars'], predicted=gbp
question=['bottle' 'bottles' 'donkey' 'donkeys'], predicted=burro
question=['bottle' 'bottles' 'eagle' 'eagles'], predicted=haliaeetus
question=['bottle' 'bottles' 'eye' 'eyes'], predicted=pricking
question=['bottle' 'bottles' 'hand' 'hands'], predicted=bamboo
question=['bottle' 'bottles' 'lion' 'lions'], predicted=leopard
question=['bottle' 'bottles' 'mango' 'mangoes'], predicted=raam
question=['bottle' 'bottles' 'melon' 'melons'], predicted=watercress
question=['bottle' 'bottles' 'monkey' 'monkeys'], predicted=papillon
question=['bottle' 'bottles' 'mouse' 'mice'], predicted=mickey
question=['bottle' 'bottles' 'onion' 'onions'], predicted=garlic
question=['bottle' 'bottles' 'pear' 'pears'], predicted=paprika
question=['bottle' 'bottles' 'pig' 'pigs'], predicted=minimus
question=['bottle' 'bottles' 'pineapple' 'pineapples'], predicted=mint
question=['bottle' 'bottles' 'rat' 'rats'], predicted=nephews
question=['bottle' 'bottles' 'snake' 'snakes'], predicted=plissken
question=['bottle' 'bottles' 'banana' 'bananas'], predicted=daiquiri
question=['building' 'buildings' 'cow' 'cows'], predicted=tipping
question=['building' 'buildings' 'donkey' 'donkeys'], predicted=canids
question=['building' 'buildings' 'eagle' 'eagles'], predicted=haast
question=['building' 'buildings' 'eye' 'eyes'], predicted=cornea
question=['building' 'buildings' 'finger' 'fingers'], predicted=keys
question=['building' 'buildings' 'goat' 'goats'], predicted=chevon
question=['building' 'buildings' 'hand' 'hands'], predicted=tsuba
question=['building' 'buildings' 'lion' 'lions'], predicted=leopard
question=['building' 'buildings' 'machine' 'machines'], predicted=guns
question=['building' 'buildings' 'mango' 'mangoes'], predicted=edible
question=['building' 'buildings' 'melon' 'melons'], predicted=canids
question=['building' 'buildings' 'monkey' 'monkeys'], predicted=saimiri
question=['building' 'buildings' 'onion' 'onions'], predicted=garlic
question=['building' 'buildings' 'pear' 'pears'], predicted=quince
question=['building' 'buildings' 'pig' 'pigs'], predicted=rabbits
question=['building' 'buildings' 'pineapple' 'pineapples'], predicted=quince
question=['building' 'buildings' 'rat' 'rats'], predicted=tapir
question=['building' 'buildings' 'snake' 'snakes'], predicted=venomous
question=['building' 'buildings' 'banana' 'bananas'], predicted=daiquiri
question=['car' 'cars' 'cloud' 'clouds'], predicted=magellanic
question=['car' 'cars' 'color' 'colors'], predicted=colour
question=['car' 'cars' 'cow' 'cows'], predicted=veal
question=['car' 'cars' 'donkey' 'donkeys'], predicted=mohair
question=['car' 'cars' 'eagle' 'eagles'], predicted=raptor
question=['car' 'cars' 'eye' 'eyes'], predicted=retina
question=['car' 'cars' 'goat' 'goats'], predicted=mohair
question=['car' 'cars' 'hand' 'hands'], predicted=consumables
question=['car' 'cars' 'lion' 'lions'], predicted=leopard
question=['car' 'cars' 'mango' 'mangoes'], predicted=arrowroot
question=['car' 'cars' 'melon' 'melons'], predicted=steaks
question=['car' 'cars' 'monkey' 'monkeys'], predicted=arrowroot
question=['car' 'cars' 'onion' 'onions'], predicted=ciders
question=['car' 'cars' 'pear' 'pears'], predicted=mangoes
question=['car' 'cars' 'pig' 'pigs'], predicted=bristles
question=['car' 'cars' 'pineapple' 'pineapples'], predicted=mangoes
question=['car' 'cars' 'rat' 'rats'], predicted=tapir
question=['car' 'cars' 'snake' 'snakes'], predicted=hoists
question=['car' 'cars' 'banana' 'bananas'], predicted=arrowroot
question=['car' 'cars' 'bottle' 'bottles'], predicted=thermos
question=['cat' 'cats' 'cow' 'cows'], predicted=tipping
question=['cat' 'cats' 'dollar' 'dollars'], predicted=currency
question=['cat' 'cats' 'eagle' 'eagles'], predicted=leopards
question=['cat' 'cats' 'eye' 'eyes'], predicted=retina
question=['cat' 'cats' 'hand' 'hands'], predicted=either
question=['cat' 'cats' 'lion' 'lions'], predicted=leopards
question=['cat' 'cats' 'mango' 'mangoes'], predicted=acacias
question=['cat' 'cats' 'melon' 'melons'], predicted=raccoons
question=['cat' 'cats' 'monkey' 'monkeys'], predicted=starfish
question=['cat' 'cats' 'onion' 'onions'], predicted=salami
question=['cat' 'cats' 'pear' 'pears'], predicted=pineapple
question=['cat' 'cats' 'pig' 'pigs'], predicted=ruminants
question=['cat' 'cats' 'pineapple' 'pineapples'], predicted=forastero
question=['cat' 'cats' 'rat' 'rats'], predicted=raccoons
question=['cat' 'cats' 'snake' 'snakes'], predicted=immobilize
question=['cat' 'cats' 'woman' 'women'], predicted=children
question=['cat' 'cats' 'banana' 'bananas'], predicted=daiquiri
question=['cat' 'cats' 'bottle' 'bottles'], predicted=sprays
question=['child' 'children' 'cow' 'cows'], predicted=tipping
question=['child' 'children' 'dollar' 'dollars'], predicted=gbp
question=['child' 'children' 'donkey' 'donkeys'], predicted=roars
question=['child' 'children' 'eagle' 'eagles'], predicted=piast
question=['child' 'children' 'eye' 'eyes'], predicted=strabismus
question=['child' 'children' 'hand' 'hands'], predicted=books
question=['child' 'children' 'lion' 'lions'], predicted=feuchtwanger
question=['child' 'children' 'mango' 'mangoes'], predicted=cinnamon
question=['child' 'children' 'melon' 'melons'], predicted=pheasants
question=['child' 'children' 'monkey' 'monkeys'], predicted=roars
question=['child' 'children' 'onion' 'onions'], predicted=peppered
question=['child' 'children' 'pear' 'pears'], predicted=pineapple
question=['child' 'children' 'pig' 'pigs'], predicted=wackyland
question=['child' 'children' 'pineapple' 'pineapples'], predicted=butyrate
question=['child' 'children' 'rat' 'rats'], predicted=rattus
question=['child' 'children' 'snake' 'snakes'], predicted=shoved
question=['child' 'children' 'banana' 'bananas'], predicted=daiquiri
question=['cloud' 'clouds' 'cow' 'cows'], predicted=tipping
question=['cloud' 'clouds' 'dollar' 'dollars'], predicted=cents
question=['cloud' 'clouds' 'donkey' 'donkeys'], predicted=burro
question=['cloud' 'clouds' 'eagle' 'eagles'], predicted=rocky
question=['cloud' 'clouds' 'elephant' 'elephants'], predicted=elephas
question=['cloud' 'clouds' 'eye' 'eyes'], predicted=cornea
question=['cloud' 'clouds' 'hand' 'hands'], predicted=fingers
question=['cloud' 'clouds' 'lion' 'lions'], predicted=nemean
question=['cloud' 'clouds' 'mango' 'mangoes'], predicted=tamarind
question=['cloud' 'clouds' 'melon' 'melons'], predicted=mochi
question=['cloud' 'clouds' 'monkey' 'monkeys'], predicted=turtle
question=['cloud' 'clouds' 'mouse' 'mice'], predicted=mickey
question=['cloud' 'clouds' 'onion' 'onions'], predicted=lime
question=['cloud' 'clouds' 'pear' 'pears'], predicted=kumquat
question=['cloud' 'clouds' 'pig' 'pigs'], predicted=roasts
question=['cloud' 'clouds' 'pineapple' 'pineapples'], predicted=butyrate
question=['cloud' 'clouds' 'rat' 'rats'], predicted=tapir
question=['cloud' 'clouds' 'snake' 'snakes'], predicted=sneaks
question=['cloud' 'clouds' 'banana' 'bananas'], predicted=lime
question=['cloud' 'clouds' 'bottle' 'bottles'], predicted=cellophane
question=['cloud' 'clouds' 'cat' 'cats'], predicted=meow
question=['color' 'colors' 'cow' 'cows'], predicted=tipping
question=['color' 'colors' 'dollar' 'dollars'], predicted=currency
question=['color' 'colors' 'donkey' 'donkeys'], predicted=burro
question=['color' 'colors' 'eagle' 'eagles'], predicted=escutcheon
question=['color' 'colors' 'eye' 'eyes'], predicted=cornea
question=['color' 'colors' 'hand' 'hands'], predicted=tsuba
question=['color' 'colors' 'lion' 'lions'], predicted=leontopithecus
question=['color' 'colors' 'mango' 'mangoes'], predicted=coriander
question=['color' 'colors' 'melon' 'melons'], predicted=grizzled
question=['color' 'colors' 'monkey' 'monkeys'], predicted=saimiri
question=['color' 'colors' 'mouse' 'mice'], predicted=mickey
question=['color' 'colors' 'onion' 'onions'], predicted=salami
question=['color' 'colors' 'pear' 'pears'], predicted=paprika
question=['color' 'colors' 'pig' 'pigs'], predicted=minimus
question=['color' 'colors' 'pineapple' 'pineapples'], predicted=butyrate
question=['color' 'colors' 'rat' 'rats'], predicted=tapir
question=['color' 'colors' 'snake' 'snakes'], predicted=hauk
question=['color' 'colors' 'banana' 'bananas'], predicted=daiquiri
question=['computer' 'computers' 'cow' 'cows'], predicted=tipping
question=['computer' 'computers' 'dollar' 'dollars'], predicted=pegged
question=['computer' 'computers' 'eagle' 'eagles'], predicted=screamin
question=['computer' 'computers' 'eye' 'eyes'], predicted=cornea
question=['computer' 'computers' 'hand' 'hands'], predicted=forefinger
question=['computer' 'computers' 'lion' 'lions'], predicted=leontopithecus
question=['computer' 'computers' 'mango' 'mangoes'], predicted=butyrate
question=['computer' 'computers' 'melon' 'melons'], predicted=flatworms
question=['computer' 'computers' 'monkey' 'monkeys'], predicted=tracks
question=['computer' 'computers' 'mouse' 'mice'], predicted=mickey
question=['computer' 'computers' 'onion' 'onions'], predicted=garlic
question=['computer' 'computers' 'pear' 'pears'], predicted=pineapple
question=['computer' 'computers' 'pig' 'pigs'], predicted=roasts
question=['computer' 'computers' 'pineapple' 'pineapples'], predicted=butyrate
question=['computer' 'computers' 'rat' 'rats'], predicted=bighead
question=['computer' 'computers' 'snake' 'snakes'], predicted=cabbie
question=['computer' 'computers' 'woman' 'women'], predicted=remarried
question=['computer' 'computers' 'banana' 'bananas'], predicted=daiquiri
question=['computer' 'computers' 'color' 'colors'], predicted=colour
question=['cow' 'cows' 'dollar' 'dollars'], predicted=gbp
question=['cow' 'cows' 'donkey' 'donkeys'], predicted=equids
question=['cow' 'cows' 'dream' 'dreams'], predicted=tangerine
question=['cow' 'cows' 'eagle' 'eagles'], predicted=leopards
question=['cow' 'cows' 'eye' 'eyes'], predicted=cornea
question=['cow' 'cows' 'finger' 'fingers'], predicted=keys
question=['cow' 'cows' 'hand' 'hands'], predicted=bearnaise
question=['cow' 'cows' 'lion' 'lions'], predicted=leontopithecus
question=['cow' 'cows' 'mango' 'mangoes'], predicted=sultanas
question=['cow' 'cows' 'melon' 'melons'], predicted=watermelon
question=['cow' 'cows' 'monkey' 'monkeys'], predicted=fatboy
question=['cow' 'cows' 'onion' 'onions'], predicted=mustard
question=['cow' 'cows' 'pear' 'pears'], predicted=cultivars
question=['cow' 'cows' 'pig' 'pigs'], predicted=shit
question=['cow' 'cows' 'pineapple' 'pineapples'], predicted=taro
question=['cow' 'cows' 'rat' 'rats'], predicted=weasels
question=['cow' 'cows' 'snake' 'snakes'], predicted=plissken
question=['cow' 'cows' 'woman' 'women'], predicted=oppresses
question=['cow' 'cows' 'banana' 'bananas'], predicted=fruit
question=['cow' 'cows' 'bottle' 'bottles'], predicted=maggots
question=['cow' 'cows' 'cloud' 'clouds'], predicted=gnats
question=['cow' 'cows' 'color' 'colors'], predicted=colour
question=['dog' 'dogs' 'eagle' 'eagles'], predicted=raptor
question=['dog' 'dogs' 'eye' 'eyes'], predicted=retina
question=['dog' 'dogs' 'hand' 'hands'], predicted=vibrators
question=['dog' 'dogs' 'lion' 'lions'], predicted=nemean
question=['dog' 'dogs' 'mango' 'mangoes'], predicted=psilocybe
question=['dog' 'dogs' 'melon' 'melons'], predicted=canids
question=['dog' 'dogs' 'monkey' 'monkeys'], predicted=saimiri
question=['dog' 'dogs' 'onion' 'onions'], predicted=salami
question=['dog' 'dogs' 'pear' 'pears'], predicted=butyrate
question=['dog' 'dogs' 'pig' 'pigs'], predicted=animals
question=['dog' 'dogs' 'pineapple' 'pineapples'], predicted=butyrate
question=['dog' 'dogs' 'snake' 'snakes'], predicted=immobilize
question=['dog' 'dogs' 'banana' 'bananas'], predicted=daiquiri
question=['dog' 'dogs' 'bottle' 'bottles'], predicted=canisters
question=['dog' 'dogs' 'color' 'colors'], predicted=colour
question=['dog' 'dogs' 'cow' 'cows'], predicted=venison
question=['dollar' 'dollars' 'donkey' 'donkeys'], predicted=burro
question=['dollar' 'dollars' 'eagle' 'eagles'], predicted=butte
question=['dollar' 'dollars' 'eye' 'eyes'], predicted=cornea
question=['dollar' 'dollars' 'hand' 'hands'], predicted=sinew
question=['dollar' 'dollars' 'lion' 'lions'], predicted=phoebus
question=['dollar' 'dollars' 'mango' 'mangoes'], predicted=cognac
question=['dollar' 'dollars' 'melon' 'melons'], predicted=shiitake
question=['dollar' 'dollars' 'monkey' 'monkeys'], predicted=porky
question=['dollar' 'dollars' 'onion' 'onions'], predicted=chives
question=['dollar' 'dollars' 'pear' 'pears'], predicted=pineapple
question=['dollar' 'dollars' 'pig' 'pigs'], predicted=taffy
question=['dollar' 'dollars' 'pineapple' 'pineapples'], predicted=butyrate
question=['dollar' 'dollars' 'rat' 'rats'], predicted=rattus
question=['dollar' 'dollars' 'snake' 'snakes'], predicted=cabbie
question=['dollar' 'dollars' 'woman' 'women'], predicted=children
question=['dollar' 'dollars' 'banana' 'bananas'], predicted=daiquiri
question=['dollar' 'dollars' 'bird' 'birds'], predicted=dodos
question=['dollar' 'dollars' 'bottle' 'bottles'], predicted=unheated
question=['dollar' 'dollars' 'cat' 'cats'], predicted=polydactyl
question=['dollar' 'dollars' 'cloud' 'clouds'], predicted=oort
question=['dollar' 'dollars' 'cow' 'cows'], predicted=tipping
question=['donkey' 'donkeys' 'eagle' 'eagles'], predicted=cormorants
question=['donkey' 'donkeys' 'elephant' 'elephants'], predicted=antelopes
question=['donkey' 'donkeys' 'eye' 'eyes'], predicted=antelopes
question=['donkey' 'donkeys' 'finger' 'fingers'], predicted=keys
question=['donkey' 'donkeys' 'goat' 'goats'], predicted=antelopes
question=['donkey' 'donkeys' 'hand' 'hands'], predicted=arrowheads
question=['donkey' 'donkeys' 'lion' 'lions'], predicted=cormorants
question=['donkey' 'donkeys' 'mango' 'mangoes'], predicted=stews
question=['donkey' 'donkeys' 'melon' 'melons'], predicted=blackfish
question=['donkey' 'donkeys' 'monkey' 'monkeys'], predicted=blackfish
question=['donkey' 'donkeys' 'onion' 'onions'], predicted=salami
question=['donkey' 'donkeys' 'pear' 'pears'], predicted=quince
question=['donkey' 'donkeys' 'pig' 'pigs'], predicted=blackfish
question=['donkey' 'donkeys' 'pineapple' 'pineapples'], predicted=breadfruit
question=['donkey' 'donkeys' 'rat' 'rats'], predicted=rattus
question=['donkey' 'donkeys' 'road' 'roads'], predicted=cowes
question=['donkey' 'donkeys' 'snake' 'snakes'], predicted=hauk
question=['donkey' 'donkeys' 'woman' 'women'], predicted=men
question=['donkey' 'donkeys' 'banana' 'bananas'], predicted=breadfruit
question=['donkey' 'donkeys' 'bottle' 'bottles'], predicted=thermos
question=['donkey' 'donkeys' 'building' 'buildings'], predicted=construction
question=['donkey' 'donkeys' 'cat' 'cats'], predicted=blackfish
question=['donkey' 'donkeys' 'cloud' 'clouds'], predicted=gnats
question=['donkey' 'donkeys' 'color' 'colors'], predicted=colour
question=['donkey' 'donkeys' 'cow' 'cows'], predicted=antelopes
question=['donkey' 'donkeys' 'dollar' 'dollars'], predicted=euros
question=['dream' 'dreams' 'eagle' 'eagles'], predicted=haliaeetus
question=['dream' 'dreams' 'elephant' 'elephants'], predicted=elephas
question=['dream' 'dreams' 'eye' 'eyes'], predicted=cornea
question=['dream' 'dreams' 'hand' 'hands'], predicted=chopstick
question=['dream' 'dreams' 'lion' 'lions'], predicted=leontopithecus
question=['dream' 'dreams' 'mango' 'mangoes'], predicted=natto
question=['dream' 'dreams' 'melon' 'melons'], predicted=mung
question=['dream' 'dreams' 'monkey' 'monkeys'], predicted=saimiri
question=['dream' 'dreams' 'onion' 'onions'], predicted=sauerkraut
question=['dream' 'dreams' 'pear' 'pears'], predicted=butyrate
question=['dream' 'dreams' 'pig' 'pigs'], predicted=roasts
question=['dream' 'dreams' 'pineapple' 'pineapples'], predicted=butyrate
question=['dream' 'dreams' 'rat' 'rats'], predicted=squirrel
question=['dream' 'dreams' 'snake' 'snakes'], predicted=achelous
question=['dream' 'dreams' 'banana' 'bananas'], predicted=pentyl
question=['dream' 'dreams' 'bottle' 'bottles'], predicted=cellophane
question=['dream' 'dreams' 'cloud' 'clouds'], predicted=oort
question=['dream' 'dreams' 'color' 'colors'], predicted=colour
question=['dream' 'dreams' 'cow' 'cows'], predicted=tipping
question=['dream' 'dreams' 'dollar' 'dollars'], predicted=currency
question=['dream' 'dreams' 'donkey' 'donkeys'], predicted=asinus
question=['eagle' 'eagles' 'eye' 'eyes'], predicted=dolphins
question=['eagle' 'eagles' 'finger' 'fingers'], predicted=keys
question=['eagle' 'eagles' 'hand' 'hands'], predicted=steelers
question=['eagle' 'eagles' 'lion' 'lions'], predicted=atalanta
question=['eagle' 'eagles' 'mango' 'mangoes'], predicted=dill
question=['eagle' 'eagles' 'melon' 'melons'], predicted=watermelon
question=['eagle' 'eagles' 'monkey' 'monkeys'], predicted=dolphins
question=['eagle' 'eagles' 'mouse' 'mice'], predicted=mickey
question=['eagle' 'eagles' 'onion' 'onions'], predicted=salami
question=['eagle' 'eagles' 'pear' 'pears'], predicted=apricot
question=['eagle' 'eagles' 'pig' 'pigs'], predicted=roasts
question=['eagle' 'eagles' 'pineapple' 'pineapples'], predicted=caraway
question=['eagle' 'eagles' 'rat' 'rats'], predicted=bighead
question=['eagle' 'eagles' 'road' 'roads'], predicted=archrival
question=['eagle' 'eagles' 'snake' 'snakes'], predicted=ravens
question=['eagle' 'eagles' 'woman' 'women'], predicted=atalanta
question=['eagle' 'eagles' 'banana' 'bananas'], predicted=gannon
question=['eagle' 'eagles' 'bird' 'birds'], predicted=pelicans
question=['eagle' 'eagles' 'bottle' 'bottles'], predicted=steelers
question=['eagle' 'eagles' 'child' 'children'], predicted=mothers
question=['eagle' 'eagles' 'color' 'colors'], predicted=colour
question=['eagle' 'eagles' 'donkey' 'donkeys'], predicted=roars
question=['eagle' 'eagles' 'dream' 'dreams'], predicted=hothouse
question=['elephant' 'elephants' 'hand' 'hands'], predicted=chopstick
question=['elephant' 'elephants' 'lion' 'lions'], predicted=erymanthian
question=['elephant' 'elephants' 'mango' 'mangoes'], predicted=tortillas
question=['elephant' 'elephants' 'melon' 'melons'], predicted=raisins
question=['elephant' 'elephants' 'monkey' 'monkeys'], predicted=rugrats
question=['elephant' 'elephants' 'onion' 'onions'], predicted=sauerkraut
question=['elephant' 'elephants' 'pear' 'pears'], predicted=butyrate
question=['elephant' 'elephants' 'pig' 'pigs'], predicted=roasts
question=['elephant' 'elephants' 'pineapple' 'pineapples'], predicted=taro
question=['elephant' 'elephants' 'snake' 'snakes'], predicted=stumbled
question=['elephant' 'elephants' 'banana' 'bananas'], predicted=daiquiri
question=['elephant' 'elephants' 'cloud' 'clouds'], predicted=oort
question=['elephant' 'elephants' 'color' 'colors'], predicted=colour
question=['elephant' 'elephants' 'cow' 'cows'], predicted=cattle
question=['elephant' 'elephants' 'dollar' 'dollars'], predicted=currency
question=['elephant' 'elephants' 'eagle' 'eagles'], predicted=leopards
question=['eye' 'eyes' 'hand' 'hands'], predicted=fingers
question=['eye' 'eyes' 'horse' 'horses'], predicted=rider
question=['eye' 'eyes' 'lion' 'lions'], predicted=leontopithecus
question=['eye' 'eyes' 'mango' 'mangoes'], predicted=parsley
question=['eye' 'eyes' 'man' 'men'], predicted=girl
question=['eye' 'eyes' 'melon' 'melons'], predicted=feresa
question=['eye' 'eyes' 'monkey' 'monkeys'], predicted=wackyland
question=['eye' 'eyes' 'mouse' 'mice'], predicted=sportive
question=['eye' 'eyes' 'onion' 'onions'], predicted=garlic
question=['eye' 'eyes' 'pear' 'pears'], predicted=paprika
question=['eye' 'eyes' 'pig' 'pigs'], predicted=wackyland
question=['eye' 'eyes' 'pineapple' 'pineapples'], predicted=quince
question=['eye' 'eyes' 'rat' 'rats'], predicted=starfish
question=['eye' 'eyes' 'road' 'roads'], predicted=turnpike
question=['eye' 'eyes' 'snake' 'snakes'], predicted=dripped
question=['eye' 'eyes' 'woman' 'women'], predicted=girl
question=['eye' 'eyes' 'banana' 'bananas'], predicted=daiquiri
question=['eye' 'eyes' 'bottle' 'bottles'], predicted=flatten
question=['eye' 'eyes' 'cat' 'cats'], predicted=meow
question=['eye' 'eyes' 'cloud' 'clouds'], predicted=gnats
question=['eye' 'eyes' 'color' 'colors'], predicted=colour
question=['eye' 'eyes' 'cow' 'cows'], predicted=starfish
question=['eye' 'eyes' 'dog' 'dogs'], predicted=buns
question=['eye' 'eyes' 'dollar' 'dollars'], predicted=shekels
question=['eye' 'eyes' 'donkey' 'donkeys'], predicted=tonk
question=['eye' 'eyes' 'eagle' 'eagles'], predicted=haliaeetus
question=['finger' 'fingers' 'goat' 'goats'], predicted=utensils
question=['finger' 'fingers' 'hand' 'hands'], predicted=chopstick
question=['finger' 'fingers' 'lion' 'lions'], predicted=leontopithecus
question=['finger' 'fingers' 'mango' 'mangoes'], predicted=tamarind
question=['finger' 'fingers' 'melon' 'melons'], predicted=shallots
question=['finger' 'fingers' 'monkey' 'monkeys'], predicted=saimiri
question=['finger' 'fingers' 'onion' 'onions'], predicted=garlic
question=['finger' 'fingers' 'pear' 'pears'], predicted=butyrate
question=['finger' 'fingers' 'pig' 'pigs'], predicted=succulent
question=['finger' 'fingers' 'pineapple' 'pineapples'], predicted=butyrate
question=['finger' 'fingers' 'rat' 'rats'], predicted=bellied
question=['finger' 'fingers' 'road' 'roads'], predicted=rail
question=['finger' 'fingers' 'snake' 'snakes'], predicted=dripped
question=['finger' 'fingers' 'banana' 'bananas'], predicted=daiquiri
question=['finger' 'fingers' 'bottle' 'bottles'], predicted=cellophane
question=['finger' 'fingers' 'color' 'colors'], predicted=colour
question=['finger' 'fingers' 'cow' 'cows'], predicted=acne
question=['finger' 'fingers' 'dollar' 'dollars'], predicted=pegged
question=['finger' 'fingers' 'donkey' 'donkeys'], predicted=asinus
question=['finger' 'fingers' 'eagle' 'eagles'], predicted=haliaeetus
question=['finger' 'fingers' 'eye' 'eyes'], predicted=cornea
question=['goat' 'goats' 'hand' 'hands'], predicted=chopstick
question=['goat' 'goats' 'lion' 'lions'], predicted=leontopithecus
question=['goat' 'goats' 'mango' 'mangoes'], predicted=excelsa
question=['goat' 'goats' 'melon' 'melons'], predicted=skunks
question=['goat' 'goats' 'monkey' 'monkeys'], predicted=saimiri
question=['goat' 'goats' 'onion' 'onions'], predicted=beets
question=['goat' 'goats' 'pear' 'pears'], predicted=fruits
question=['goat' 'goats' 'pig' 'pigs'], predicted=poultry
question=['goat' 'goats' 'pineapple' 'pineapples'], predicted=mangoes
question=['goat' 'goats' 'rat' 'rats'], predicted=rattus
question=['goat' 'goats' 'snake' 'snakes'], predicted=plissken
question=['goat' 'goats' 'banana' 'bananas'], predicted=sugar
question=['goat' 'goats' 'bottle' 'bottles'], predicted=casks
question=['goat' 'goats' 'building' 'buildings'], predicted=construction
question=['goat' 'goats' 'color' 'colors'], predicted=colour
question=['goat' 'goats' 'cow' 'cows'], predicted=cattle
question=['goat' 'goats' 'dollar' 'dollars'], predicted=currency
question=['goat' 'goats' 'donkey' 'donkeys'], predicted=burro
question=['goat' 'goats' 'eagle' 'eagles'], predicted=haliaeetus
question=['goat' 'goats' 'eye' 'eyes'], predicted=strabismus
question=['goat' 'goats' 'finger' 'fingers'], predicted=pluck
question=['hand' 'hands' 'lion' 'lions'], predicted=dens
question=['hand' 'hands' 'machine' 'machines'], predicted=gpmg
question=['hand' 'hands' 'mango' 'mangoes'], predicted=brandybuck
question=['hand' 'hands' 'melon' 'melons'], predicted=plump
question=['hand' 'hands' 'monkey' 'monkeys'], predicted=manos
question=['hand' 'hands' 'mouse' 'mice'], predicted=mickey
question=['hand' 'hands' 'onion' 'onions'], predicted=garlic
question=['hand' 'hands' 'pear' 'pears'], predicted=drupe
question=['hand' 'hands' 'pig' 'pigs'], predicted=wackyland
question=['hand' 'hands' 'pineapple' 'pineapples'], predicted=mint
question=['hand' 'hands' 'rat' 'rats'], predicted=itchy
question=['hand' 'hands' 'snake' 'snakes'], predicted=plissken
question=['hand' 'hands' 'woman' 'women'], predicted=remarriage
question=['hand' 'hands' 'banana' 'bananas'], predicted=daiquiri
question=['hand' 'hands' 'building' 'buildings'], predicted=alhambra
question=['hand' 'hands' 'cat' 'cats'], predicted=kitten
question=['hand' 'hands' 'child' 'children'], predicted=mother
question=['hand' 'hands' 'cloud' 'clouds'], predicted=oort
question=['hand' 'hands' 'color' 'colors'], predicted=colour
question=['hand' 'hands' 'computer' 'computers'], predicted=vmware
question=['hand' 'hands' 'cow' 'cows'], predicted=clarabelle
question=['hand' 'hands' 'dog' 'dogs'], predicted=breed
question=['hand' 'hands' 'donkey' 'donkeys'], predicted=earp
question=['hand' 'hands' 'eagle' 'eagles'], predicted=piast
question=['horse' 'horses' 'lion' 'lions'], predicted=nemean
question=['horse' 'horses' 'mango' 'mangoes'], predicted=acacias
question=['horse' 'horses' 'melon' 'melons'], predicted=canids
question=['horse' 'horses' 'monkey' 'monkeys'], predicted=animals
question=['horse' 'horses' 'onion' 'onions'], predicted=garlic
question=['horse' 'horses' 'pear' 'pears'], predicted=cultivars
question=['horse' 'horses' 'pig' 'pigs'], predicted=hedgehogs
question=['horse' 'horses' 'pineapple' 'pineapples'], predicted=mangoes
question=['horse' 'horses' 'rat' 'rats'], predicted=hedgehogs
question=['horse' 'horses' 'snake' 'snakes'], predicted=hoofed
question=['horse' 'horses' 'banana' 'bananas'], predicted=daiquiri
question=['horse' 'horses' 'bottle' 'bottles'], predicted=sprays
question=['horse' 'horses' 'cloud' 'clouds'], predicted=magellanic
question=['horse' 'horses' 'color' 'colors'], predicted=colour
question=['horse' 'horses' 'cow' 'cows'], predicted=cattle
question=['horse' 'horses' 'dollar' 'dollars'], predicted=currency
question=['horse' 'horses' 'eagle' 'eagles'], predicted=leopards
question=['horse' 'horses' 'eye' 'eyes'], predicted=cornea
question=['horse' 'horses' 'hand' 'hands'], predicted=vernaculars
question=['lion' 'lions' 'mango' 'mangoes'], predicted=parsley
question=['lion' 'lions' 'man' 'men'], predicted=people
question=['lion' 'lions' 'melon' 'melons'], predicted=otariidae
question=['lion' 'lions' 'monkey' 'monkeys'], predicted=dolphins
question=['lion' 'lions' 'onion' 'onions'], predicted=parsley
question=['lion' 'lions' 'pear' 'pears'], predicted=cultivars
question=['lion' 'lions' 'pig' 'pigs'], predicted=shit
question=['lion' 'lions' 'pineapple' 'pineapples'], predicted=butyrate
question=['lion' 'lions' 'rat' 'rats'], predicted=smilodon
question=['lion' 'lions' 'snake' 'snakes'], predicted=ravens
question=['lion' 'lions' 'woman' 'women'], predicted=remarriage
question=['lion' 'lions' 'banana' 'bananas'], predicted=daiquiri
question=['lion' 'lions' 'bottle' 'bottles'], predicted=beer
question=['lion' 'lions' 'child' 'children'], predicted=childbearing
question=['lion' 'lions' 'cow' 'cows'], predicted=tipping
question=['lion' 'lions' 'dollar' 'dollars'], predicted=gbp
question=['lion' 'lions' 'donkey' 'donkeys'], predicted=burro
question=['lion' 'lions' 'eye' 'eyes'], predicted=cornea
question=['lion' 'lions' 'finger' 'fingers'], predicted=plucking
question=['lion' 'lions' 'hand' 'hands'], predicted=scorecards
question=['machine' 'machines' 'mango' 'mangoes'], predicted=apricot
question=['machine' 'machines' 'melon' 'melons'], predicted=raccoons
question=['machine' 'machines' 'monkey' 'monkeys'], predicted=iguanas
question=['machine' 'machines' 'onion' 'onions'], predicted=salami
question=['machine' 'machines' 'pear' 'pears'], predicted=apricot
question=['machine' 'machines' 'pig' 'pigs'], predicted=bristles
question=['machine' 'machines' 'pineapple' 'pineapples'], predicted=butyrate
question=['machine' 'machines' 'rat' 'rats'], predicted=raccoons
question=['machine' 'machines' 'snake' 'snakes'], predicted=stegosaurus
question=['machine' 'machines' 'woman' 'women'], predicted=husband
question=['machine' 'machines' 'banana' 'bananas'], predicted=mangoes
question=['machine' 'machines' 'bottle' 'bottles'], predicted=thermos
question=['machine' 'machines' 'cow' 'cows'], predicted=tipping
question=['machine' 'machines' 'donkey' 'donkeys'], predicted=wario
question=['machine' 'machines' 'eagle' 'eagles'], predicted=haliaeetus
question=['machine' 'machines' 'eye' 'eyes'], predicted=cornea
question=['machine' 'machines' 'hand' 'hands'], predicted=side
question=['machine' 'machines' 'lion' 'lions'], predicted=leontopithecus
question=['mango' 'mangoes' 'melon' 'melons'], predicted=plantains
question=['mango' 'mangoes' 'monkey' 'monkeys'], predicted=plantains
question=['mango' 'mangoes' 'onion' 'onions'], predicted=oilseed
question=['mango' 'mangoes' 'pear' 'pears'], predicted=yams
question=['mango' 'mangoes' 'pig' 'pigs'], predicted=beets
question=['mango' 'mangoes' 'pineapple' 'pineapples'], predicted=coconuts
question=['mango' 'mangoes' 'rat' 'rats'], predicted=turnips
question=['mango' 'mangoes' 'snake' 'snakes'], predicted=tilapia
question=['mango' 'mangoes' 'woman' 'women'], predicted=unwed
question=['mango' 'mangoes' 'banana' 'bananas'], predicted=coconuts
question=['mango' 'mangoes' 'bird' 'birds'], predicted=weevils
question=['mango' 'mangoes' 'bottle' 'bottles'], predicted=milkshake
question=['mango' 'mangoes' 'building' 'buildings'], predicted=oilfield
question=['mango' 'mangoes' 'child' 'children'], predicted=unwed
question=['mango' 'mangoes' 'cloud' 'clouds'], predicted=gnats
question=['mango' 'mangoes' 'computer' 'computers'], predicted=feedstocks
question=['mango' 'mangoes' 'cow' 'cows'], predicted=cattle
question=['mango' 'mangoes' 'donkey' 'donkeys'], predicted=przewalskii
question=['mango' 'mangoes' 'dream' 'dreams'], predicted=plantains
question=['mango' 'mangoes' 'eagle' 'eagles'], predicted=weevils
question=['mango' 'mangoes' 'elephant' 'elephants'], predicted=buffaloes
question=['mango' 'mangoes' 'eye' 'eyes'], predicted=depigmentation
question=['mango' 'mangoes' 'finger' 'fingers'], predicted=fresher
question=['mango' 'mangoes' 'hand' 'hands'], predicted=consumables
question=['mango' 'mangoes' 'lion' 'lions'], predicted=leontopithecus
question=['man' 'men' 'melon' 'melons'], predicted=cobblers
question=['man' 'men' 'monkey' 'monkeys'], predicted=saimiri
question=['man' 'men' 'onion' 'onions'], predicted=salami
question=['man' 'men' 'pear' 'pears'], predicted=vaccinium
question=['man' 'men' 'pig' 'pigs'], predicted=midges
question=['man' 'men' 'pineapple' 'pineapples'], predicted=cinnamon
question=['man' 'men' 'rat' 'rats'], predicted=myotonic
question=['man' 'men' 'snake' 'snakes'], predicted=achelous
question=['man' 'men' 'banana' 'bananas'], predicted=daiquiri
question=['man' 'men' 'bottle' 'bottles'], predicted=casks
question=['man' 'men' 'cow' 'cows'], predicted=tipping
question=['man' 'men' 'donkey' 'donkeys'], predicted=zebras
question=['man' 'men' 'eagle' 'eagles'], predicted=fraternal
question=['man' 'men' 'eye' 'eyes'], predicted=strabismus
question=['man' 'men' 'finger' 'fingers'], predicted=keys
question=['man' 'men' 'lion' 'lions'], predicted=nemean
question=['man' 'men' 'machine' 'machines'], predicted=guns
question=['man' 'men' 'mango' 'mangoes'], predicted=cinnamon
question=['melon' 'melons' 'monkey' 'monkeys'], predicted=avocados
question=['melon' 'melons' 'mouse' 'mice'], predicted=cauliflower
question=['melon' 'melons' 'onion' 'onions'], predicted=beets
question=['melon' 'melons' 'pear' 'pears'], predicted=avocados
question=['melon' 'melons' 'pig' 'pigs'], predicted=beets
question=['melon' 'melons' 'pineapple' 'pineapples'], predicted=avocados
question=['melon' 'melons' 'rat' 'rats'], predicted=cucumbers
question=['melon' 'melons' 'snake' 'snakes'], predicted=unnavigable
question=['melon' 'melons' 'woman' 'women'], predicted=albertans
question=['melon' 'melons' 'banana' 'bananas'], predicted=copra
question=['melon' 'melons' 'bird' 'birds'], predicted=breadfruit
question=['melon' 'melons' 'bottle' 'bottles'], predicted=beet
question=['melon' 'melons' 'building' 'buildings'], predicted=construction
question=['melon' 'melons' 'cat' 'cats'], predicted=beets
question=['melon' 'melons' 'cloud' 'clouds'], predicted=magellanic
question=['melon' 'melons' 'cow' 'cows'], predicted=beets
question=['melon' 'melons' 'dog' 'dogs'], predicted=beets
question=['melon' 'melons' 'dollar' 'dollars'], predicted=rmb
question=['melon' 'melons' 'donkey' 'donkeys'], predicted=rmb
question=['melon' 'melons' 'dream' 'dreams'], predicted=profitability
question=['melon' 'melons' 'eagle' 'eagles'], predicted=hogs
question=['melon' 'melons' 'elephant' 'elephants'], predicted=albertans
question=['melon' 'melons' 'eye' 'eyes'], predicted=retina
question=['melon' 'melons' 'finger' 'fingers'], predicted=ankobra
question=['melon' 'melons' 'hand' 'hands'], predicted=durables
question=['melon' 'melons' 'horse' 'horses'], predicted=hogs
question=['melon' 'melons' 'lion' 'lions'], predicted=attersee
question=['melon' 'melons' 'mango' 'mangoes'], predicted=breadfruit
question=['monkey' 'monkeys' 'onion' 'onions'], predicted=cyperaceae
question=['monkey' 'monkeys' 'pear' 'pears'], predicted=scaly
question=['monkey' 'monkeys' 'pig' 'pigs'], predicted=hedgehogs
question=['monkey' 'monkeys' 'pineapple' 'pineapples'], predicted=poaceae
question=['monkey' 'monkeys' 'rat' 'rats'], predicted=rattus
question=['monkey' 'monkeys' 'snake' 'snakes'], predicted=weasels
question=['monkey' 'monkeys' 'banana' 'bananas'], predicted=fruit
question=['monkey' 'monkeys' 'bottle' 'bottles'], predicted=immunised
question=['monkey' 'monkeys' 'car' 'cars'], predicted=automobile
question=['monkey' 'monkeys' 'cloud' 'clouds'], predicted=plankton
question=['monkey' 'monkeys' 'computer' 'computers'], predicted=taxonomies
question=['monkey' 'monkeys' 'cow' 'cows'], predicted=cattle
question=['monkey' 'monkeys' 'dog' 'dogs'], predicted=sighthound
question=['monkey' 'monkeys' 'dollar' 'dollars'], predicted=currencies
question=['monkey' 'monkeys' 'donkey' 'donkeys'], predicted=przewalskii
question=['monkey' 'monkeys' 'eagle' 'eagles'], predicted=haliaeetus
question=['monkey' 'monkeys' 'eye' 'eyes'], predicted=eczema
question=['monkey' 'monkeys' 'hand' 'hands'], predicted=immunised
question=['monkey' 'monkeys' 'lion' 'lions'], predicted=nemean
question=['monkey' 'monkeys' 'mango' 'mangoes'], predicted=cyperaceae
question=['monkey' 'monkeys' 'melon' 'melons'], predicted=skunks
question=['mouse' 'mice' 'onion' 'onions'], predicted=garlic
question=['mouse' 'mice' 'pear' 'pears'], predicted=fruits
question=['mouse' 'mice' 'pig' 'pigs'], predicted=ruminants
question=['mouse' 'mice' 'pineapple' 'pineapples'], predicted=oranges
question=['mouse' 'mice' 'rat' 'rats'], predicted=rattus
question=['mouse' 'mice' 'snake' 'snakes'], predicted=kill
question=['mouse' 'mice' 'banana' 'bananas'], predicted=daiquiri
question=['mouse' 'mice' 'bottle' 'bottles'], predicted=canisters
question=['mouse' 'mice' 'cloud' 'clouds'], predicted=magellanic
question=['mouse' 'mice' 'color' 'colors'], predicted=colour
question=['mouse' 'mice' 'cow' 'cows'], predicted=cattle
question=['mouse' 'mice' 'dollar' 'dollars'], predicted=currency
question=['mouse' 'mice' 'donkey' 'donkeys'], predicted=ruminants
question=['mouse' 'mice' 'eagle' 'eagles'], predicted=raptor
question=['mouse' 'mice' 'eye' 'eyes'], predicted=retina
question=['mouse' 'mice' 'hand' 'hands'], predicted=scavenge
question=['mouse' 'mice' 'lion' 'lions'], predicted=nemean
question=['mouse' 'mice' 'mango' 'mangoes'], predicted=cinnamon
question=['mouse' 'mice' 'melon' 'melons'], predicted=canids
question=['mouse' 'mice' 'monkey' 'monkeys'], predicted=rhesus
question=['onion' 'onions' 'pear' 'pears'], predicted=pineapple
question=['onion' 'onions' 'pig' 'pigs'], predicted=roasts
question=['onion' 'onions' 'pineapple' 'pineapples'], predicted=coconuts
question=['onion' 'onions' 'rat' 'rats'], predicted=rattus
question=['onion' 'onions' 'snake' 'snakes'], predicted=chases
question=['onion' 'onions' 'woman' 'women'], predicted=husband
question=['onion' 'onions' 'banana' 'bananas'], predicted=copra
question=['onion' 'onions' 'bottle' 'bottles'], predicted=cellophane
question=['onion' 'onions' 'child' 'children'], predicted=daughter
question=['onion' 'onions' 'cow' 'cows'], predicted=cattle
question=['onion' 'onions' 'dollar' 'dollars'], predicted=currency
question=['onion' 'onions' 'donkey' 'donkeys'], predicted=fortunella
question=['onion' 'onions' 'eagle' 'eagles'], predicted=wallaby
question=['onion' 'onions' 'elephant' 'elephants'], predicted=elephas
question=['onion' 'onions' 'eye' 'eyes'], predicted=retina
question=['onion' 'onions' 'finger' 'fingers'], predicted=keys
question=['onion' 'onions' 'hand' 'hands'], predicted=chopstick
question=['onion' 'onions' 'horse' 'horses'], predicted=stirrups
question=['onion' 'onions' 'lion' 'lions'], predicted=leontopithecus
question=['onion' 'onions' 'mango' 'mangoes'], predicted=breadfruit
question=['onion' 'onions' 'man' 'men'], predicted=wer
question=['onion' 'onions' 'melon' 'melons'], predicted=mochi
question=['onion' 'onions' 'monkey' 'monkeys'], predicted=saimiri
question=['onion' 'onions' 'mouse' 'mice'], predicted=mickey
question=['pear' 'pears' 'pig' 'pigs'], predicted=roasts
question=['pear' 'pears' 'pineapple' 'pineapples'], predicted=lentils
question=['pear' 'pears' 'rat' 'rats'], predicted=colds
question=['pear' 'pears' 'snake' 'snakes'], predicted=plissken
question=['pear' 'pears' 'banana' 'bananas'], predicted=lentils
question=['pear' 'pears' 'bottle' 'bottles'], predicted=sauerkraut
question=['pear' 'pears' 'cloud' 'clouds'], predicted=oort
question=['pear' 'pears' 'color' 'colors'], predicted=colour
question=['pear' 'pears' 'cow' 'cows'], predicted=cattle
question=['pear' 'pears' 'dollar' 'dollars'], predicted=eastwood
question=['pear' 'pears' 'donkey' 'donkeys'], predicted=zebras
question=['pear' 'pears' 'eagle' 'eagles'], predicted=weevils
question=['pear' 'pears' 'eye' 'eyes'], predicted=eyelid
question=['pear' 'pears' 'finger' 'fingers'], predicted=knobs
question=['pear' 'pears' 'hand' 'hands'], predicted=theosophists
question=['pear' 'pears' 'lion' 'lions'], predicted=nemean
question=['pear' 'pears' 'mango' 'mangoes'], predicted=sauerkraut
question=['pear' 'pears' 'melon' 'melons'], predicted=lentils
question=['pear' 'pears' 'monkey' 'monkeys'], predicted=sopranos
question=['pear' 'pears' 'mouse' 'mice'], predicted=mickey
question=['pear' 'pears' 'onion' 'onions'], predicted=sauerkraut
question=['pig' 'pigs' 'pineapple' 'pineapples'], predicted=coconuts
question=['pig' 'pigs' 'rat' 'rats'], predicted=fleas
question=['pig' 'pigs' 'snake' 'snakes'], predicted=hauk
question=['pig' 'pigs' 'banana' 'bananas'], predicted=daiquiri
question=['pig' 'pigs' 'cow' 'cows'], predicted=tipping
question=['pig' 'pigs' 'dollar' 'dollars'], predicted=euros
question=['pig' 'pigs' 'donkey' 'donkeys'], predicted=yaks
question=['pig' 'pigs' 'eagle' 'eagles'], predicted=leopards
question=['pig' 'pigs' 'eye' 'eyes'], predicted=naked
question=['pig' 'pigs' 'hand' 'hands'], predicted=side
question=['pig' 'pigs' 'lion' 'lions'], predicted=leopards
question=['pig' 'pigs' 'mango' 'mangoes'], predicted=parsley
question=['pig' 'pigs' 'melon' 'melons'], predicted=leopards
question=['pig' 'pigs' 'monkey' 'monkeys'], predicted=sentinel
question=['pig' 'pigs' 'onion' 'onions'], predicted=peppers
question=['pig' 'pigs' 'pear' 'pears'], predicted=orchards
question=['pineapple' 'pineapples' 'rat' 'rats'], predicted=rattus
question=['pineapple' 'pineapples' 'snake' 'snakes'], predicted=tilapia
question=['pineapple' 'pineapples' 'woman' 'women'], predicted=maternity
question=['pineapple' 'pineapples' 'banana' 'bananas'], predicted=mangoes
question=['pineapple' 'pineapples' 'bird' 'birds'], predicted=overcollection
question=['pineapple' 'pineapples' 'bottle' 'bottles'], predicted=greywater
question=['pineapple' 'pineapples' 'child' 'children'], predicted=rearing
question=['pineapple' 'pineapples' 'cloud' 'clouds'], predicted=permaculture
question=['pineapple' 'pineapples' 'color' 'colors'], predicted=colour
question=['pineapple' 'pineapples' 'computer' 'computers'], predicted=programing
question=['pineapple' 'pineapples' 'cow' 'cows'], predicted=milking
question=['pineapple' 'pineapples' 'dollar' 'dollars'], predicted=multimillion
question=['pineapple' 'pineapples' 'donkey' 'donkeys'], predicted=burro
question=['pineapple' 'pineapples' 'eagle' 'eagles'], predicted=tilapia
question=['pineapple' 'pineapples' 'elephant' 'elephants'], predicted=elephas
question=['pineapple' 'pineapples' 'eye' 'eyes'], predicted=strabismus
question=['pineapple' 'pineapples' 'finger' 'fingers'], predicted=shrinkage
question=['pineapple' 'pineapples' 'hand' 'hands'], predicted=durables
question=['pineapple' 'pineapples' 'lion' 'lions'], predicted=nemean
question=['pineapple' 'pineapples' 'machine' 'machines'], predicted=cnc
question=['pineapple' 'pineapples' 'mango' 'mangoes'], predicted=manioc
question=['pineapple' 'pineapples' 'melon' 'melons'], predicted=plantains
question=['pineapple' 'pineapples' 'monkey' 'monkeys'], predicted=rollercoaster
question=['pineapple' 'pineapples' 'onion' 'onions'], predicted=vegetables
question=['pineapple' 'pineapples' 'pear' 'pears'], predicted=yams
question=['pineapple' 'pineapples' 'pig' 'pigs'], predicted=poultry
question=['rat' 'rats' 'snake' 'snakes'], predicted=plissken
question=['rat' 'rats' 'banana' 'bananas'], predicted=sugarcane
question=['rat' 'rats' 'cloud' 'clouds'], predicted=oort
question=['rat' 'rats' 'color' 'colors'], predicted=palettes
question=['rat' 'rats' 'cow' 'cows'], predicted=tipping
question=['rat' 'rats' 'donkey' 'donkeys'], predicted=kitten
question=['rat' 'rats' 'eagle' 'eagles'], predicted=cernan
question=['rat' 'rats' 'eye' 'eyes'], predicted=retina
question=['rat' 'rats' 'finger' 'fingers'], predicted=plucking
question=['rat' 'rats' 'hand' 'hands'], predicted=fretting
question=['rat' 'rats' 'lion' 'lions'], predicted=phoebus
question=['rat' 'rats' 'mango' 'mangoes'], predicted=avocados
question=['rat' 'rats' 'melon' 'melons'], predicted=hurdy
question=['rat' 'rats' 'monkey' 'monkeys'], predicted=rhino
question=['rat' 'rats' 'onion' 'onions'], predicted=pears
question=['rat' 'rats' 'pear' 'pears'], predicted=avocados
question=['rat' 'rats' 'pig' 'pigs'], predicted=rabbits
question=['rat' 'rats' 'pineapple' 'pineapples'], predicted=avocados
question=['road' 'roads' 'snake' 'snakes'], predicted=plissken
question=['road' 'roads' 'banana' 'bananas'], predicted=daiquiri
question=['road' 'roads' 'cat' 'cats'], predicted=meow
question=['road' 'roads' 'cloud' 'clouds'], predicted=magellanic
question=['road' 'roads' 'color' 'colors'], predicted=colour
question=['road' 'roads' 'cow' 'cows'], predicted=breed
question=['road' 'roads' 'dog' 'dogs'], predicted=breed
question=['road' 'roads' 'dollar' 'dollars'], predicted=gbp
question=['road' 'roads' 'donkey' 'donkeys'], predicted=burro
question=['road' 'roads' 'eagle' 'eagles'], predicted=haliaeetus
question=['road' 'roads' 'eye' 'eyes'], predicted=retina
question=['road' 'roads' 'finger' 'fingers'], predicted=keys
question=['road' 'roads' 'hand' 'hands'], predicted=tsuba
question=['road' 'roads' 'lion' 'lions'], predicted=leopard
question=['road' 'roads' 'mango' 'mangoes'], predicted=edible
question=['road' 'roads' 'melon' 'melons'], predicted=flatworms
question=['road' 'roads' 'monkey' 'monkeys'], predicted=islands
question=['road' 'roads' 'mouse' 'mice'], predicted=mickey
question=['road' 'roads' 'onion' 'onions'], predicted=garlic
question=['road' 'roads' 'pear' 'pears'], predicted=forests
question=['road' 'roads' 'pig' 'pigs'], predicted=desserts
question=['road' 'roads' 'pineapple' 'pineapples'], predicted=coconuts
question=['road' 'roads' 'rat' 'rats'], predicted=rattus
question=['snake' 'snakes' 'woman' 'women'], predicted=circumcised
question=['snake' 'snakes' 'banana' 'bananas'], predicted=tea
question=['snake' 'snakes' 'bird' 'birds'], predicted=crocodiles
question=['snake' 'snakes' 'bottle' 'bottles'], predicted=meats
question=['snake' 'snakes' 'cloud' 'clouds'], predicted=oort
question=['snake' 'snakes' 'color' 'colors'], predicted=colour
question=['snake' 'snakes' 'cow' 'cows'], predicted=venison
question=['snake' 'snakes' 'dollar' 'dollars'], predicted=currency
question=['snake' 'snakes' 'donkey' 'donkeys'], predicted=boars
question=['snake' 'snakes' 'eagle' 'eagles'], predicted=crocodiles
question=['snake' 'snakes' 'eye' 'eyes'], predicted=eyelids
question=['snake' 'snakes' 'hand' 'hands'], predicted=fingers
question=['snake' 'snakes' 'lion' 'lions'], predicted=boars
question=['snake' 'snakes' 'mango' 'mangoes'], predicted=stews
question=['snake' 'snakes' 'man' 'men'], predicted=boars
question=['snake' 'snakes' 'melon' 'melons'], predicted=pheasants
question=['snake' 'snakes' 'onion' 'onions'], predicted=salami
question=['snake' 'snakes' 'pear' 'pears'], predicted=apricots
question=['snake' 'snakes' 'pig' 'pigs'], predicted=venison
question=['snake' 'snakes' 'pineapple' 'pineapples'], predicted=apricots
question=['snake' 'snakes' 'rat' 'rats'], predicted=boars
question=['snake' 'snakes' 'road' 'roads'], predicted=routes
question=['woman' 'women' 'banana' 'bananas'], predicted=rum
question=['woman' 'women' 'bottle' 'bottles'], predicted=gels
question=['woman' 'women' 'computer' 'computers'], predicted=biostatistics
question=['woman' 'women' 'cow' 'cows'], predicted=tipping
question=['woman' 'women' 'donkey' 'donkeys'], predicted=zebras
question=['woman' 'women' 'eagle' 'eagles'], predicted=elks
question=['woman' 'women' 'eye' 'eyes'], predicted=strabismus
question=['woman' 'women' 'finger' 'fingers'], predicted=plucking
question=['woman' 'women' 'hand' 'hands'], predicted=woodworking
question=['woman' 'women' 'lion' 'lions'], predicted=leontopithecus
question=['woman' 'women' 'mango' 'mangoes'], predicted=herbology
question=['woman' 'women' 'melon' 'melons'], predicted=steaks
question=['woman' 'women' 'monkey' 'monkeys'], predicted=ivies
question=['woman' 'women' 'onion' 'onions'], predicted=salami
question=['woman' 'women' 'pear' 'pears'], predicted=ciders
question=['woman' 'women' 'pig' 'pigs'], predicted=succulent
question=['woman' 'women' 'pineapple' 'pineapples'], predicted=caraway
question=['woman' 'women' 'rat' 'rats'], predicted=mustelids
question=['woman' 'women' 'snake' 'snakes'], predicted=vipers
question=['decrease' 'decreases' 'describe' 'describes'], predicted=describing
question=['decrease' 'decreases' 'find' 'finds'], predicted=imagine
question=['decrease' 'decreases' 'implement' 'implements'], predicted=dbmss
question=['decrease' 'decreases' 'listen' 'listens'], predicted=streamed
question=['decrease' 'decreases' 'play' 'plays'], predicted=played
question=['decrease' 'decreases' 'predict' 'predicts'], predicted=predicted
question=['decrease' 'decreases' 'scream' 'screams'], predicted=bullseye
question=['decrease' 'decreases' 'search' 'searches'], predicted=searching
question=['decrease' 'decreases' 'see' 'sees'], predicted=external
question=['decrease' 'decreases' 'shuffle' 'shuffles'], predicted=ickey
question=['decrease' 'decreases' 'sing' 'sings'], predicted=yoakam
question=['decrease' 'decreases' 'sit' 'sits'], predicted=sitis
question=['decrease' 'decreases' 'slow' 'slows'], predicted=fast
question=['decrease' 'decreases' 'speak' 'speaks'], predicted=spoken
question=['decrease' 'decreases' 'swim' 'swims'], predicted=regurgitated
question=['decrease' 'decreases' 'talk' 'talks'], predicted=yoakam
question=['decrease' 'decreases' 'think' 'thinks'], predicted=know
question=['decrease' 'decreases' 'vanish' 'vanishes'], predicted=melts
question=['decrease' 'decreases' 'walk' 'walks'], predicted=fly
question=['decrease' 'decreases' 'write' 'writes'], predicted=read
question=['describe' 'describes' 'enhance' 'enhances'], predicted=eases
question=['describe' 'describes' 'find' 'finds'], predicted=gives
question=['describe' 'describes' 'implement' 'implements'], predicted=xpath
question=['describe' 'describes' 'listen' 'listens'], predicted=realaudio
question=['describe' 'describes' 'play' 'plays'], predicted=played
question=['describe' 'describes' 'predict' 'predicts'], predicted=explains
question=['describe' 'describes' 'scream' 'screams'], predicted=feelgood
question=['describe' 'describes' 'search' 'searches'], predicted=pagerank
question=['describe' 'describes' 'see' 'sees'], predicted=links
question=['describe' 'describes' 'shuffle' 'shuffles'], predicted=offstage
question=['describe' 'describes' 'speak' 'speaks'], predicted=spoke
question=['describe' 'describes' 'swim' 'swims'], predicted=infobox
question=['describe' 'describes' 'talk' 'talks'], predicted=swaim
question=['describe' 'describes' 'think' 'thinks'], predicted=says
question=['describe' 'describes' 'vanish' 'vanishes'], predicted=satisfies
question=['describe' 'describes' 'walk' 'walks'], predicted=walking
question=['describe' 'describes' 'write' 'writes'], predicted=read
question=['describe' 'describes' 'decrease' 'decreases'], predicted=increase
question=['eat' 'eats' 'enhance' 'enhances'], predicted=improve
question=['eat' 'eats' 'estimate' 'estimates'], predicted=estimated
question=['eat' 'eats' 'generate' 'generates'], predicted=generated
question=['eat' 'eats' 'implement' 'implements'], predicted=implementing
question=['eat' 'eats' 'increase' 'increases'], predicted=decrease
question=['eat' 'eats' 'listen' 'listens'], predicted=editable
question=['eat' 'eats' 'play' 'plays'], predicted=played
question=['eat' 'eats' 'predict' 'predicts'], predicted=determine
question=['eat' 'eats' 'scream' 'screams'], predicted=norville
question=['eat' 'eats' 'search' 'searches'], predicted=substring
question=['eat' 'eats' 'see' 'sees'], predicted=external
question=['eat' 'eats' 'shuffle' 'shuffles'], predicted=bradman
question=['eat' 'eats' 'sit' 'sits'], predicted=umbilicus
question=['eat' 'eats' 'slow' 'slows'], predicted=slower
question=['eat' 'eats' 'speak' 'speaks'], predicted=fluently
question=['eat' 'eats' 'swim' 'swims'], predicted=zany
question=['eat' 'eats' 'talk' 'talks'], predicted=paar
question=['eat' 'eats' 'think' 'thinks'], predicted=says
question=['eat' 'eats' 'vanish' 'vanishes'], predicted=verifies
question=['eat' 'eats' 'walk' 'walks'], predicted=walking
question=['eat' 'eats' 'write' 'writes'], predicted=read
question=['eat' 'eats' 'decrease' 'decreases'], predicted=increases
question=['eat' 'eats' 'describe' 'describes'], predicted=describing
question=['enhance' 'enhances' 'estimate' 'estimates'], predicted=ppb
question=['enhance' 'enhances' 'find' 'finds'], predicted=implies
question=['enhance' 'enhances' 'go' 'goes'], predicted=went
question=['enhance' 'enhances' 'implement' 'implements'], predicted=implementing
question=['enhance' 'enhances' 'listen' 'listens'], predicted=kio
question=['enhance' 'enhances' 'predict' 'predicts'], predicted=heliopause
question=['enhance' 'enhances' 'say' 'says'], predicted=implies
question=['enhance' 'enhances' 'scream' 'screams'], predicted=beholder
question=['enhance' 'enhances' 'search' 'searches'], predicted=substring
question=['enhance' 'enhances' 'see' 'sees'], predicted=external
question=['enhance' 'enhances' 'shuffle' 'shuffles'], predicted=forehand
question=['enhance' 'enhances' 'sing' 'sings'], predicted=syne
question=['enhance' 'enhances' 'sit' 'sits'], predicted=woolsack
question=['enhance' 'enhances' 'slow' 'slows'], predicted=low
question=['enhance' 'enhances' 'speak' 'speaks'], predicted=fluently
question=['enhance' 'enhances' 'swim' 'swims'], predicted=adult
question=['enhance' 'enhances' 'talk' 'talks'], predicted=paar
question=['enhance' 'enhances' 'think' 'thinks'], predicted=know
question=['enhance' 'enhances' 'vanish' 'vanishes'], predicted=annihilates
question=['enhance' 'enhances' 'walk' 'walks'], predicted=travelator
question=['enhance' 'enhances' 'write' 'writes'], predicted=read
question=['enhance' 'enhances' 'decrease' 'decreases'], predicted=increases
question=['enhance' 'enhances' 'describe' 'describes'], predicted=refers
question=['enhance' 'enhances' 'eat' 'eats'], predicted=protein
question=['estimate' 'estimates' 'find' 'finds'], predicted=give
question=['estimate' 'estimates' 'generate' 'generates'], predicted=generated
question=['estimate' 'estimates' 'go' 'goes'], predicted=went
question=['estimate' 'estimates' 'implement' 'implements'], predicted=dbmss
question=['estimate' 'estimates' 'listen' 'listens'], predicted=allmusic
question=['estimate' 'estimates' 'play' 'plays'], predicted=played
question=['estimate' 'estimates' 'predict' 'predicts'], predicted=theories
question=['estimate' 'estimates' 'provide' 'provides'], predicted=providing
question=['estimate' 'estimates' 'scream' 'screams'], predicted=bandmate
question=['estimate' 'estimates' 'search' 'searches'], predicted=query
question=['estimate' 'estimates' 'see' 'sees'], predicted=timeline
question=['estimate' 'estimates' 'shuffle' 'shuffles'], predicted=ickey
question=['estimate' 'estimates' 'sing' 'sings'], predicted=dirge
question=['estimate' 'estimates' 'sit' 'sits'], predicted=woolsack
question=['estimate' 'estimates' 'slow' 'slows'], predicted=pace
question=['estimate' 'estimates' 'speak' 'speaks'], predicted=spoken
question=['estimate' 'estimates' 'swim' 'swims'], predicted=sporozoites
question=['estimate' 'estimates' 'talk' 'talks'], predicted=jokes
question=['estimate' 'estimates' 'think' 'thinks'], predicted=know
question=['estimate' 'estimates' 'vanish' 'vanishes'], predicted=irrationals
question=['estimate' 'estimates' 'walk' 'walks'], predicted=hollywood
question=['estimate' 'estimates' 'write' 'writes'], predicted=read
question=['estimate' 'estimates' 'decrease' 'decreases'], predicted=increases
question=['estimate' 'estimates' 'describe' 'describes'], predicted=refer
question=['estimate' 'estimates' 'eat' 'eats'], predicted=drink
question=['estimate' 'estimates' 'enhance' 'enhances'], predicted=enhancing
question=['find' 'finds' 'generate' 'generates'], predicted=generated
question=['find' 'finds' 'implement' 'implements'], predicted=ssa
question=['find' 'finds' 'listen' 'listens'], predicted=likens
question=['find' 'finds' 'play' 'plays'], predicted=playing
question=['find' 'finds' 'predict' 'predicts'], predicted=examines
question=['find' 'finds' 'scream' 'screams'], predicted=blacula
question=['find' 'finds' 'see' 'sees'], predicted=timeline
question=['find' 'finds' 'shuffle' 'shuffles'], predicted=banging
question=['find' 'finds' 'sing' 'sings'], predicted=dirge
question=['find' 'finds' 'sit' 'sits'], predicted=perched
question=['find' 'finds' 'speak' 'speaks'], predicted=spoke
question=['find' 'finds' 'swim' 'swims'], predicted=thurs
question=['find' 'finds' 'talk' 'talks'], predicted=kudrow
question=['find' 'finds' 'think' 'thinks'], predicted=theorizes
question=['find' 'finds' 'vanish' 'vanishes'], predicted=disappears
question=['find' 'finds' 'walk' 'walks'], predicted=fame
question=['find' 'finds' 'write' 'writes'], predicted=palimpsest
question=['find' 'finds' 'decrease' 'decreases'], predicted=increases
question=['find' 'finds' 'enhance' 'enhances'], predicted=improve
question=['generate' 'generates' 'implement' 'implements'], predicted=microarchitecture
question=['generate' 'generates' 'listen' 'listens'], predicted=hears
question=['generate' 'generates' 'predict' 'predicts'], predicted=examines
question=['generate' 'generates' 'scream' 'screams'], predicted=bullseye
question=['generate' 'generates' 'search' 'searches'], predicted=unsorted
question=['generate' 'generates' 'see' 'sees'], predicted=external
question=['generate' 'generates' 'shuffle' 'shuffles'], predicted=ickey
question=['generate' 'generates' 'speak' 'speaks'], predicted=spoken
question=['generate' 'generates' 'swim' 'swims'], predicted=rhinemaidens
question=['generate' 'generates' 'talk' 'talks'], predicted=chappelle
question=['generate' 'generates' 'think' 'thinks'], predicted=says
question=['generate' 'generates' 'vanish' 'vanishes'], predicted=annihilates
question=['generate' 'generates' 'walk' 'walks'], predicted=falls
question=['generate' 'generates' 'write' 'writes'], predicted=read
question=['generate' 'generates' 'enhance' 'enhances'], predicted=eases
question=['go' 'goes' 'implement' 'implements'], predicted=expressivity
question=['go' 'goes' 'listen' 'listens'], predicted=confesses
question=['go' 'goes' 'predict' 'predicts'], predicted=fails
question=['go' 'goes' 'scream' 'screams'], predicted=beholder
question=['go' 'goes' 'search' 'searches'], predicted=finds
question=['go' 'goes' 'see' 'sees'], predicted=external
question=['go' 'goes' 'shuffle' 'shuffles'], predicted=ickey
question=['go' 'goes' 'slow' 'slows'], predicted=fast
question=['go' 'goes' 'speak' 'speaks'], predicted=spoken
question=['go' 'goes' 'swim' 'swims'], predicted=cartman
question=['go' 'goes' 'talk' 'talks'], predicted=hannity
question=['go' 'goes' 'think' 'thinks'], predicted=know
question=['go' 'goes' 'vanish' 'vanishes'], predicted=finds
question=['go' 'goes' 'walk' 'walks'], predicted=hollywood
question=['go' 'goes' 'write' 'writes'], predicted=read
question=['go' 'goes' 'decrease' 'decreases'], predicted=increases
question=['go' 'goes' 'enhance' 'enhances'], predicted=enhancing
question=['go' 'goes' 'generate' 'generates'], predicted=generated
question=['implement' 'implements' 'increase' 'increases'], predicted=increased
question=['implement' 'implements' 'listen' 'listens'], predicted=underpants
question=['implement' 'implements' 'play' 'plays'], predicted=playing
question=['implement' 'implements' 'predict' 'predicts'], predicted=predictions
question=['implement' 'implements' 'provide' 'provides'], predicted=providing
question=['implement' 'implements' 'scream' 'screams'], predicted=manos
question=['implement' 'implements' 'search' 'searches'], predicted=searching
question=['implement' 'implements' 'see' 'sees'], predicted=beaker
question=['implement' 'implements' 'shuffle' 'shuffles'], predicted=banging
question=['implement' 'implements' 'sing' 'sings'], predicted=punkie
question=['implement' 'implements' 'sit' 'sits'], predicted=perched
question=['implement' 'implements' 'slow' 'slows'], predicted=regrowth
question=['implement' 'implements' 'speak' 'speaks'], predicted=tuniit
question=['implement' 'implements' 'swim' 'swims'], predicted=cartman
question=['implement' 'implements' 'talk' 'talks'], predicted=degeneres
question=['implement' 'implements' 'think' 'thinks'], predicted=know
question=['implement' 'implements' 'vanish' 'vanishes'], predicted=mellaart
question=['implement' 'implements' 'walk' 'walks'], predicted=walking
question=['implement' 'implements' 'write' 'writes'], predicted=writing
question=['implement' 'implements' 'decrease' 'decreases'], predicted=increase
question=['implement' 'implements' 'describe' 'describes'], predicted=referring
question=['implement' 'implements' 'eat' 'eats'], predicted=uncooked
question=['implement' 'implements' 'enhance' 'enhances'], predicted=sinews
question=['implement' 'implements' 'generate' 'generates'], predicted=ornaments
question=['implement' 'implements' 'go' 'goes'], predicted=gone
question=['increase' 'increases' 'listen' 'listens'], predicted=lets
question=['increase' 'increases' 'scream' 'screams'], predicted=crap
question=['increase' 'increases' 'see' 'sees'], predicted=is
question=['increase' 'increases' 'shuffle' 'shuffles'], predicted=ickey
question=['increase' 'increases' 'sing' 'sings'], predicted=feelin
question=['increase' 'increases' 'sit' 'sits'], predicted=sitis
question=['increase' 'increases' 'slow' 'slows'], predicted=slower
question=['increase' 'increases' 'speak' 'speaks'], predicted=spoke
question=['increase' 'increases' 'swim' 'swims'], predicted=feeders
question=['increase' 'increases' 'talk' 'talks'], predicted=winfrey
question=['increase' 'increases' 'think' 'thinks'], predicted=know
question=['increase' 'increases' 'vanish' 'vanishes'], predicted=yrx
question=['increase' 'increases' 'walk' 'walks'], predicted=kazurinsky
question=['increase' 'increases' 'write' 'writes'], predicted=read
question=['increase' 'increases' 'describe' 'describes'], predicted=describing
question=['increase' 'increases' 'enhance' 'enhances'], predicted=improves
question=['increase' 'increases' 'find' 'finds'], predicted=get
question=['increase' 'increases' 'generate' 'generates'], predicted=generated
question=['increase' 'increases' 'implement' 'implements'], predicted=implemented
question=['listen' 'listens' 'play' 'plays'], predicted=playing
question=['listen' 'listens' 'predict' 'predicts'], predicted=underestimates
question=['listen' 'listens' 'provide' 'provides'], predicted=providing
question=['listen' 'listens' 'scream' 'screams'], predicted=utters
question=['listen' 'listens' 'search' 'searches'], predicted=searching
question=['listen' 'listens' 'see' 'sees'], predicted=called
question=['listen' 'listens' 'shuffle' 'shuffles'], predicted=offstage
question=['listen' 'listens' 'sing' 'sings'], predicted=syne
question=['listen' 'listens' 'sit' 'sits'], predicted=woolsack
question=['listen' 'listens' 'slow' 'slows'], predicted=slowly
question=['listen' 'listens' 'speak' 'speaks'], predicted=inhabiting
question=['listen' 'listens' 'swim' 'swims'], predicted=rhinemaidens
question=['listen' 'listens' 'talk' 'talks'], predicted=kudrow
question=['listen' 'listens' 'think' 'thinks'], predicted=know
question=['listen' 'listens' 'vanish' 'vanishes'], predicted=converging
question=['listen' 'listens' 'walk' 'walks'], predicted=climbs
question=['listen' 'listens' 'write' 'writes'], predicted=read
question=['listen' 'listens' 'decrease' 'decreases'], predicted=increases
question=['listen' 'listens' 'describe' 'describes'], predicted=describing
question=['listen' 'listens' 'eat' 'eats'], predicted=thurs
question=['listen' 'listens' 'enhance' 'enhances'], predicted=improve
question=['listen' 'listens' 'generate' 'generates'], predicted=generated
question=['listen' 'listens' 'go' 'goes'], predicted=going
question=['listen' 'listens' 'implement' 'implements'], predicted=secure
question=['play' 'plays' 'predict' 'predicts'], predicted=hydrologic
question=['play' 'plays' 'scream' 'screams'], predicted=twisters
question=['play' 'plays' 'search' 'searches'], predicted=searching
question=['play' 'plays' 'see' 'sees'], predicted=called
question=['play' 'plays' 'shuffle' 'shuffles'], predicted=ickey
question=['play' 'plays' 'slow' 'slows'], predicted=fast
question=['play' 'plays' 'swim' 'swims'], predicted=blastula
question=['play' 'plays' 'talk' 'talks'], predicted=oprah
question=['play' 'plays' 'think' 'thinks'], predicted=know
question=['play' 'plays' 'vanish' 'vanishes'], predicted=annihilates
question=['play' 'plays' 'walk' 'walks'], predicted=elmwood
question=['play' 'plays' 'write' 'writes'], predicted=read
question=['play' 'plays' 'decrease' 'decreases'], predicted=increases
question=['play' 'plays' 'describe' 'describes'], predicted=refers
question=['play' 'plays' 'enhance' 'enhances'], predicted=enhancing
question=['play' 'plays' 'go' 'goes'], predicted=went
question=['play' 'plays' 'implement' 'implements'], predicted=comprises
question=['play' 'plays' 'listen' 'listens'], predicted=speaks
question=['predict' 'predicts' 'provide' 'provides'], predicted=providing
question=['predict' 'predicts' 'scream' 'screams'], predicted=manos
question=['predict' 'predicts' 'search' 'searches'], predicted=searching
question=['predict' 'predicts' 'see' 'sees'], predicted=list
question=['predict' 'predicts' 'shuffle' 'shuffles'], predicted=whoopee
question=['predict' 'predicts' 'sing' 'sings'], predicted=dirge
question=['predict' 'predicts' 'slow' 'slows'], predicted=fast
question=['predict' 'predicts' 'speak' 'speaks'], predicted=spoken
question=['predict' 'predicts' 'swim' 'swims'], predicted=debuts
question=['predict' 'predicts' 'talk' 'talks'], predicted=host
question=['predict' 'predicts' 'think' 'thinks'], predicted=say
question=['predict' 'predicts' 'vanish' 'vanishes'], predicted=annihilates
question=['predict' 'predicts' 'walk' 'walks'], predicted=walking
question=['predict' 'predicts' 'write' 'writes'], predicted=read
question=['predict' 'predicts' 'decrease' 'decreases'], predicted=increases
question=['predict' 'predicts' 'describe' 'describes'], predicted=refer
question=['predict' 'predicts' 'enhance' 'enhances'], predicted=acumen
question=['predict' 'predicts' 'find' 'finds'], predicted=make
question=['predict' 'predicts' 'generate' 'generates'], predicted=generated
question=['predict' 'predicts' 'go' 'goes'], predicted=went
question=['predict' 'predicts' 'implement' 'implements'], predicted=implemented
question=['predict' 'predicts' 'listen' 'listens'], predicted=thank
question=['predict' 'predicts' 'play' 'plays'], predicted=played
question=['provide' 'provides' 'scream' 'screams'], predicted=beholder
question=['provide' 'provides' 'search' 'searches'], predicted=pagerank
question=['provide' 'provides' 'see' 'sees'], predicted=external
question=['provide' 'provides' 'shuffle' 'shuffles'], predicted=ickey
question=['provide' 'provides' 'slow' 'slows'], predicted=fast
question=['provide' 'provides' 'speak' 'speaks'], predicted=fluently
question=['provide' 'provides' 'swim' 'swims'], predicted=kicking
question=['provide' 'provides' 'talk' 'talks'], predicted=paar
question=['provide' 'provides' 'think' 'thinks'], predicted=know
question=['provide' 'provides' 'vanish' 'vanishes'], predicted=annihilates
question=['provide' 'provides' 'walk' 'walks'], predicted=walking
question=['provide' 'provides' 'write' 'writes'], predicted=read
question=['provide' 'provides' 'decrease' 'decreases'], predicted=increases
question=['provide' 'provides' 'enhance' 'enhances'], predicted=enhancing
question=['provide' 'provides' 'find' 'finds'], predicted=makes
question=['provide' 'provides' 'implement' 'implements'], predicted=implemented
question=['provide' 'provides' 'listen' 'listens'], predicted=ctis
question=['provide' 'provides' 'predict' 'predicts'], predicted=describes
question=['say' 'says' 'scream' 'screams'], predicted=popmatters
question=['say' 'says' 'see' 'sees'], predicted=external
question=['say' 'says' 'shuffle' 'shuffles'], predicted=ickey
question=['say' 'says' 'sing' 'sings'], predicted=dirge
question=['say' 'says' 'slow' 'slows'], predicted=slowed
question=['say' 'says' 'speak' 'speaks'], predicted=spoke
question=['say' 'says' 'swim' 'swims'], predicted=onizuka
question=['say' 'says' 'talk' 'talks'], predicted=carolla
question=['say' 'says' 'think' 'thinks'], predicted=know
question=['say' 'says' 'vanish' 'vanishes'], predicted=annihilates
question=['say' 'says' 'walk' 'walks'], predicted=walking
question=['say' 'says' 'write' 'writes'], predicted=read
question=['say' 'says' 'decrease' 'decreases'], predicted=increase
question=['say' 'says' 'enhance' 'enhances'], predicted=enhancing
question=['say' 'says' 'go' 'goes'], predicted=went
question=['say' 'says' 'implement' 'implements'], predicted=implemented
question=['say' 'says' 'listen' 'listens'], predicted=popmatters
question=['say' 'says' 'play' 'plays'], predicted=played
question=['say' 'says' 'predict' 'predicts'], predicted=examines
question=['scream' 'screams' 'see' 'sees'], predicted=but
question=['scream' 'screams' 'shuffle' 'shuffles'], predicted=ickey
question=['scream' 'screams' 'sing' 'sings'], predicted=dirge
question=['scream' 'screams' 'sit' 'sits'], predicted=sitting
question=['scream' 'screams' 'slow' 'slows'], predicted=slower
question=['scream' 'screams' 'speak' 'speaks'], predicted=spoken
question=['scream' 'screams' 'swim' 'swims'], predicted=surfboard
question=['scream' 'screams' 'talk' 'talks'], predicted=winfrey
question=['scream' 'screams' 'think' 'thinks'], predicted=know
question=['scream' 'screams' 'vanish' 'vanishes'], predicted=putrefaction
question=['scream' 'screams' 'walk' 'walks'], predicted=bikers
question=['scream' 'screams' 'work' 'works'], predicted=pursuits
question=['scream' 'screams' 'write' 'writes'], predicted=read
question=['scream' 'screams' 'decrease' 'decreases'], predicted=increase
question=['scream' 'screams' 'describe' 'describes'], predicted=chardonnay
question=['scream' 'screams' 'eat' 'eats'], predicted=eating
question=['scream' 'screams' 'enhance' 'enhances'], predicted=enhancing
question=['scream' 'screams' 'find' 'finds'], predicted=contrive
question=['scream' 'screams' 'generate' 'generates'], predicted=hydrodynamic
question=['scream' 'screams' 'go' 'goes'], predicted=gone
question=['scream' 'screams' 'implement' 'implements'], predicted=lightweight
question=['scream' 'screams' 'listen' 'listens'], predicted=roam
question=['scream' 'screams' 'play' 'plays'], predicted=played
question=['scream' 'screams' 'predict' 'predicts'], predicted=testable
question=['scream' 'screams' 'provide' 'provides'], predicted=providing
question=['scream' 'screams' 'say' 'says'], predicted=said
question=['search' 'searches' 'see' 'sees'], predicted=but
question=['search' 'searches' 'shuffle' 'shuffles'], predicted=ickey
question=['search' 'searches' 'sing' 'sings'], predicted=dirge
question=['search' 'searches' 'sit' 'sits'], predicted=remarry
question=['search' 'searches' 'slow' 'slows'], predicted=slower
question=['search' 'searches' 'speak' 'speaks'], predicted=fluently
question=['search' 'searches' 'swim' 'swims'], predicted=feeders
question=['search' 'searches' 'talk' 'talks'], predicted=winfrey
question=['search' 'searches' 'think' 'thinks'], predicted=know
question=['search' 'searches' 'vanish' 'vanishes'], predicted=nameable
question=['search' 'searches' 'walk' 'walks'], predicted=walking
question=['search' 'searches' 'write' 'writes'], predicted=read
question=['search' 'searches' 'decrease' 'decreases'], predicted=increases
question=['search' 'searches' 'describe' 'describes'], predicted=identify
question=['search' 'searches' 'eat' 'eats'], predicted=omnivores
question=['search' 'searches' 'enhance' 'enhances'], predicted=improve
question=['search' 'searches' 'find' 'finds'], predicted=get
question=['search' 'searches' 'generate' 'generates'], predicted=detect
question=['search' 'searches' 'go' 'goes'], predicted=gone
question=['search' 'searches' 'implement' 'implements'], predicted=implementing
question=['search' 'searches' 'listen' 'listens'], predicted=inaudible
question=['search' 'searches' 'play' 'plays'], predicted=played
question=['search' 'searches' 'predict' 'predicts'], predicted=qualitatively
question=['search' 'searches' 'provide' 'provides'], predicted=provided
question=['search' 'searches' 'say' 'says'], predicted=think
question=['search' 'searches' 'scream' 'screams'], predicted=blinking
question=['see' 'sees' 'shuffle' 'shuffles'], predicted=ickey
question=['see' 'sees' 'sing' 'sings'], predicted=knows
question=['see' 'sees' 'slow' 'slows'], predicted=underestimates
question=['see' 'sees' 'speak' 'speaks'], predicted=spoke
question=['see' 'sees' 'swim' 'swims'], predicted=knows
question=['see' 'sees' 'talk' 'talks'], predicted=knows
question=['see' 'sees' 'think' 'thinks'], predicted=know
question=['see' 'sees' 'vanish' 'vanishes'], predicted=presuppose
question=['see' 'sees' 'walk' 'walks'], predicted=walking
question=['see' 'sees' 'work' 'works'], predicted=underestimates
question=['see' 'sees' 'write' 'writes'], predicted=read
question=['see' 'sees' 'decrease' 'decreases'], predicted=increase
question=['see' 'sees' 'describe' 'describes'], predicted=connotation
question=['see' 'sees' 'enhance' 'enhances'], predicted=elicits
question=['see' 'sees' 'estimate' 'estimates'], predicted=estimated
question=['see' 'sees' 'find' 'finds'], predicted=admires
question=['see' 'sees' 'implement' 'implements'], predicted=acquiesce
question=['see' 'sees' 'increase' 'increases'], predicted=decrease
question=['see' 'sees' 'listen' 'listens'], predicted=knows
question=['see' 'sees' 'predict' 'predicts'], predicted=underestimates
question=['see' 'sees' 'provide' 'provides'], predicted=underestimates
question=['see' 'sees' 'say' 'says'], predicted=knows
question=['see' 'sees' 'scream' 'screams'], predicted=knows
question=['see' 'sees' 'search' 'searches'], predicted=knows
question=['shuffle' 'shuffles' 'sing' 'sings'], predicted=tassels
question=['shuffle' 'shuffles' 'sit' 'sits'], predicted=armpit
question=['shuffle' 'shuffles' 'slow' 'slows'], predicted=straighter
question=['shuffle' 'shuffles' 'speak' 'speaks'], predicted=tigrinya
question=['shuffle' 'shuffles' 'swim' 'swims'], predicted=feeders
question=['shuffle' 'shuffles' 'talk' 'talks'], predicted=antennas
question=['shuffle' 'shuffles' 'think' 'thinks'], predicted=stigmas
question=['shuffle' 'shuffles' 'vanish' 'vanishes'], predicted=integument
question=['shuffle' 'shuffles' 'walk' 'walks'], predicted=eyelids
question=['shuffle' 'shuffles' 'write' 'writes'], predicted=read
question=['shuffle' 'shuffles' 'decrease' 'decreases'], predicted=increases
question=['shuffle' 'shuffles' 'describe' 'describes'], predicted=analogous
question=['shuffle' 'shuffles' 'eat' 'eats'], predicted=copulate
question=['shuffle' 'shuffles' 'enhance' 'enhances'], predicted=elongate
question=['shuffle' 'shuffles' 'find' 'finds'], predicted=incubate
question=['shuffle' 'shuffles' 'generate' 'generates'], predicted=elongate
question=['shuffle' 'shuffles' 'go' 'goes'], predicted=someplace
question=['shuffle' 'shuffles' 'implement' 'implements'], predicted=handle
question=['shuffle' 'shuffles' 'listen' 'listens'], predicted=tusks
question=['shuffle' 'shuffles' 'play' 'plays'], predicted=played
question=['shuffle' 'shuffles' 'predict' 'predicts'], predicted=perturb
question=['shuffle' 'shuffles' 'provide' 'provides'], predicted=providing
question=['shuffle' 'shuffles' 'say' 'says'], predicted=think
question=['shuffle' 'shuffles' 'scream' 'screams'], predicted=tassels
question=['shuffle' 'shuffles' 'search' 'searches'], predicted=tusks
question=['shuffle' 'shuffles' 'see' 'sees'], predicted=called
question=['sing' 'sings' 'slow' 'slows'], predicted=fast
question=['sing' 'sings' 'speak' 'speaks'], predicted=spoke
question=['sing' 'sings' 'swim' 'swims'], predicted=debuted
question=['sing' 'sings' 'talk' 'talks'], predicted=kacl
question=['sing' 'sings' 'think' 'thinks'], predicted=unseemly
question=['sing' 'sings' 'vanish' 'vanishes'], predicted=transitively
question=['sing' 'sings' 'walk' 'walks'], predicted=climbs
question=['sing' 'sings' 'write' 'writes'], predicted=read
question=['sing' 'sings' 'decrease' 'decreases'], predicted=increase
question=['sing' 'sings' 'enhance' 'enhances'], predicted=enhancing
question=['sing' 'sings' 'estimate' 'estimates'], predicted=estimation
question=['sing' 'sings' 'find' 'finds'], predicted=eked
question=['sing' 'sings' 'generate' 'generates'], predicted=generated
question=['sing' 'sings' 'go' 'goes'], predicted=went
question=['sing' 'sings' 'implement' 'implements'], predicted=implemented
question=['sing' 'sings' 'increase' 'increases'], predicted=decrease
question=['sing' 'sings' 'listen' 'listens'], predicted=rockin
question=['sing' 'sings' 'play' 'plays'], predicted=playing
question=['sing' 'sings' 'predict' 'predicts'], predicted=probabilistic
question=['sing' 'sings' 'scream' 'screams'], predicted=feelgood
question=['sing' 'sings' 'search' 'searches'], predicted=searching
question=['sing' 'sings' 'see' 'sees'], predicted=called
question=['sing' 'sings' 'shuffle' 'shuffles'], predicted=banging
question=['sit' 'sits' 'slow' 'slows'], predicted=northwesterly
question=['sit' 'sits' 'speak' 'speaks'], predicted=spoke
question=['sit' 'sits' 'swim' 'swims'], predicted=gastronomical
question=['sit' 'sits' 'talk' 'talks'], predicted=bandstand
question=['sit' 'sits' 'think' 'thinks'], predicted=know
question=['sit' 'sits' 'vanish' 'vanishes'], predicted=fills
question=['sit' 'sits' 'walk' 'walks'], predicted=climbs
question=['sit' 'sits' 'write' 'writes'], predicted=read
question=['sit' 'sits' 'decrease' 'decreases'], predicted=increases
question=['sit' 'sits' 'enhance' 'enhances'], predicted=enhancing
question=['sit' 'sits' 'generate' 'generates'], predicted=generated
question=['sit' 'sits' 'implement' 'implements'], predicted=implemented
question=['sit' 'sits' 'listen' 'listens'], predicted=makes
question=['sit' 'sits' 'play' 'plays'], predicted=playing
question=['sit' 'sits' 'predict' 'predicts'], predicted=describes
question=['sit' 'sits' 'scream' 'screams'], predicted=blaue
question=['sit' 'sits' 'search' 'searches'], predicted=finds
question=['sit' 'sits' 'see' 'sees'], predicted=describes
question=['sit' 'sits' 'shuffle' 'shuffles'], predicted=ickey
question=['sit' 'sits' 'sing' 'sings'], predicted=mermaid
question=['slow' 'slows' 'speak' 'speaks'], predicted=spoke
question=['slow' 'slows' 'swim' 'swims'], predicted=rhinemaidens
question=['slow' 'slows' 'talk' 'talks'], predicted=krusty
question=['slow' 'slows' 'think' 'thinks'], predicted=know
question=['slow' 'slows' 'vanish' 'vanishes'], predicted=annihilates
question=['slow' 'slows' 'walk' 'walks'], predicted=harlots
question=['slow' 'slows' 'work' 'works'], predicted=interact
question=['slow' 'slows' 'write' 'writes'], predicted=read
question=['slow' 'slows' 'decrease' 'decreases'], predicted=increase
question=['slow' 'slows' 'describe' 'describes'], predicted=refer
question=['slow' 'slows' 'eat' 'eats'], predicted=copulate
question=['slow' 'slows' 'enhance' 'enhances'], predicted=improve
question=['slow' 'slows' 'estimate' 'estimates'], predicted=estimated
question=['slow' 'slows' 'find' 'finds'], predicted=get
question=['slow' 'slows' 'implement' 'implements'], predicted=specify
question=['slow' 'slows' 'increase' 'increases'], predicted=decrease
question=['slow' 'slows' 'listen' 'listens'], predicted=hear
question=['slow' 'slows' 'play' 'plays'], predicted=playing
question=['slow' 'slows' 'predict' 'predicts'], predicted=determine
question=['slow' 'slows' 'scream' 'screams'], predicted=rippled
question=['slow' 'slows' 'search' 'searches'], predicted=finds
question=['slow' 'slows' 'see' 'sees'], predicted=is
question=['slow' 'slows' 'shuffle' 'shuffles'], predicted=clicked
question=['slow' 'slows' 'sing' 'sings'], predicted=hear
question=['speak' 'speaks' 'swim' 'swims'], predicted=flea
question=['speak' 'speaks' 'talk' 'talks'], predicted=nyt
question=['speak' 'speaks' 'think' 'thinks'], predicted=knows
question=['speak' 'speaks' 'vanish' 'vanishes'], predicted=annihilates
question=['speak' 'speaks' 'walk' 'walks'], predicted=walking
question=['speak' 'speaks' 'write' 'writes'], predicted=wrote
question=['speak' 'speaks' 'decrease' 'decreases'], predicted=increases
question=['speak' 'speaks' 'enhance' 'enhances'], predicted=enhancing
question=['speak' 'speaks' 'generate' 'generates'], predicted=creates
question=['speak' 'speaks' 'go' 'goes'], predicted=went
question=['speak' 'speaks' 'implement' 'implements'], predicted=allows
question=['speak' 'speaks' 'listen' 'listens'], predicted=knows
question=['speak' 'speaks' 'predict' 'predicts'], predicted=predicting
question=['speak' 'speaks' 'scream' 'screams'], predicted=blacula
question=['speak' 'speaks' 'search' 'searches'], predicted=pagerank
question=['speak' 'speaks' 'see' 'sees'], predicted=timeline
question=['speak' 'speaks' 'shuffle' 'shuffles'], predicted=ickey
question=['speak' 'speaks' 'sing' 'sings'], predicted=knows
question=['swim' 'swims' 'talk' 'talks'], predicted=mermaids
question=['swim' 'swims' 'think' 'thinks'], predicted=say
question=['swim' 'swims' 'vanish' 'vanishes'], predicted=finsler
question=['swim' 'swims' 'walk' 'walks'], predicted=walking
question=['swim' 'swims' 'write' 'writes'], predicted=read
question=['swim' 'swims' 'decrease' 'decreases'], predicted=increase
question=['swim' 'swims' 'describe' 'describes'], predicted=referring
question=['swim' 'swims' 'eat' 'eats'], predicted=cakes
question=['swim' 'swims' 'enhance' 'enhances'], predicted=clitoral
question=['swim' 'swims' 'find' 'finds'], predicted=finding
question=['swim' 'swims' 'go' 'goes'], predicted=gone
question=['swim' 'swims' 'implement' 'implements'], predicted=lookahead
question=['swim' 'swims' 'increase' 'increases'], predicted=increased
question=['swim' 'swims' 'listen' 'listens'], predicted=lesh
question=['swim' 'swims' 'play' 'plays'], predicted=played
question=['swim' 'swims' 'predict' 'predicts'], predicted=forcings
question=['swim' 'swims' 'provide' 'provides'], predicted=providing
question=['swim' 'swims' 'say' 'says'], predicted=believe
question=['swim' 'swims' 'scream' 'screams'], predicted=oblivion
question=['swim' 'swims' 'search' 'searches'], predicted=searching
question=['swim' 'swims' 'see' 'sees'], predicted=is
question=['swim' 'swims' 'shuffle' 'shuffles'], predicted=backhand
question=['swim' 'swims' 'sing' 'sings'], predicted=tights
question=['swim' 'swims' 'sit' 'sits'], predicted=fin
question=['swim' 'swims' 'slow' 'slows'], predicted=fast
question=['swim' 'swims' 'speak' 'speaks'], predicted=malayo
question=['talk' 'talks' 'think' 'thinks'], predicted=negotiations
question=['talk' 'talks' 'vanish' 'vanishes'], predicted=jourdain
question=['talk' 'talks' 'walk' 'walks'], predicted=negotiations
question=['talk' 'talks' 'write' 'writes'], predicted=read
question=['talk' 'talks' 'decrease' 'decreases'], predicted=increase
question=['talk' 'talks' 'describe' 'describes'], predicted=promote
question=['talk' 'talks' 'eat' 'eats'], predicted=negotiations
question=['talk' 'talks' 'enhance' 'enhances'], predicted=efforts
question=['talk' 'talks' 'find' 'finds'], predicted=negotiations
question=['talk' 'talks' 'generate' 'generates'], predicted=nonproliferation
question=['talk' 'talks' 'go' 'goes'], predicted=negotiations
question=['talk' 'talks' 'implement' 'implements'], predicted=negotiations
question=['talk' 'talks' 'increase' 'increases'], predicted=decrease
question=['talk' 'talks' 'listen' 'listens'], predicted=peace
question=['talk' 'talks' 'play' 'plays'], predicted=played
question=['talk' 'talks' 'predict' 'predicts'], predicted=demobilization
question=['talk' 'talks' 'provide' 'provides'], predicted=providing
question=['talk' 'talks' 'say' 'says'], predicted=said
question=['talk' 'talks' 'scream' 'screams'], predicted=disbandment
question=['talk' 'talks' 'search' 'searches'], predicted=negotiations
question=['talk' 'talks' 'see' 'sees'], predicted=and
question=['talk' 'talks' 'shuffle' 'shuffles'], predicted=negotiations
question=['talk' 'talks' 'sing' 'sings'], predicted=peace
question=['talk' 'talks' 'sit' 'sits'], predicted=negotiations
question=['talk' 'talks' 'slow' 'slows'], predicted=stalled
question=['talk' 'talks' 'speak' 'speaks'], predicted=spoken
question=['talk' 'talks' 'swim' 'swims'], predicted=negotiations
question=['think' 'thinks' 'vanish' 'vanishes'], predicted=prays
question=['think' 'thinks' 'walk' 'walks'], predicted=stumbles
question=['think' 'thinks' 'write' 'writes'], predicted=read
question=['think' 'thinks' 'decrease' 'decreases'], predicted=increases
question=['think' 'thinks' 'describe' 'describes'], predicted=refers
question=['think' 'thinks' 'enhance' 'enhances'], predicted=enhancing
question=['think' 'thinks' 'generate' 'generates'], predicted=generated
question=['think' 'thinks' 'go' 'goes'], predicted=went
question=['think' 'thinks' 'implement' 'implements'], predicted=implementing
question=['think' 'thinks' 'listen' 'listens'], predicted=hears
question=['think' 'thinks' 'play' 'plays'], predicted=played
question=['think' 'thinks' 'predict' 'predicts'], predicted=determine
question=['think' 'thinks' 'scream' 'screams'], predicted=whispers
question=['think' 'thinks' 'search' 'searches'], predicted=finds
question=['think' 'thinks' 'see' 'sees'], predicted=is
question=['think' 'thinks' 'shuffle' 'shuffles'], predicted=ickey
question=['think' 'thinks' 'sing' 'sings'], predicted=dirge
question=['think' 'thinks' 'swim' 'swims'], predicted=thurs
question=['think' 'thinks' 'talk' 'talks'], predicted=trebek
question=['vanish' 'vanishes' 'walk' 'walks'], predicted=strikeout
question=['vanish' 'vanishes' 'work' 'works'], predicted=nordheim
question=['vanish' 'vanishes' 'write' 'writes'], predicted=read
question=['vanish' 'vanishes' 'decrease' 'decreases'], predicted=myocardial
question=['vanish' 'vanishes' 'describe' 'describes'], predicted=refers
question=['vanish' 'vanishes' 'eat' 'eats'], predicted=nermal
question=['vanish' 'vanishes' 'enhance' 'enhances'], predicted=enhancing
question=['vanish' 'vanishes' 'estimate' 'estimates'], predicted=ppb
question=['vanish' 'vanishes' 'find' 'finds'], predicted=get
question=['vanish' 'vanishes' 'go' 'goes'], predicted=going
question=['vanish' 'vanishes' 'implement' 'implements'], predicted=repl
question=['vanish' 'vanishes' 'listen' 'listens'], predicted=mornin
question=['vanish' 'vanishes' 'play' 'plays'], predicted=played
question=['vanish' 'vanishes' 'predict' 'predicts'], predicted=graviton
question=['vanish' 'vanishes' 'scream' 'screams'], predicted=grin
question=['vanish' 'vanishes' 'search' 'searches'], predicted=entrez
question=['vanish' 'vanishes' 'see' 'sees'], predicted=external
question=['vanish' 'vanishes' 'shuffle' 'shuffles'], predicted=ickey
question=['vanish' 'vanishes' 'sing' 'sings'], predicted=mornin
question=['vanish' 'vanishes' 'sit' 'sits'], predicted=sitis
question=['vanish' 'vanishes' 'slow' 'slows'], predicted=fast
question=['vanish' 'vanishes' 'speak' 'speaks'], predicted=spoke
question=['vanish' 'vanishes' 'swim' 'swims'], predicted=talk
question=['vanish' 'vanishes' 'talk' 'talks'], predicted=winfrey
question=['vanish' 'vanishes' 'think' 'thinks'], predicted=know
question=['walk' 'walks' 'decrease' 'decreases'], predicted=adjusted
question=['walk' 'walks' 'describe' 'describes'], predicted=describing
question=['walk' 'walks' 'eat' 'eats'], predicted=compulsively
question=['walk' 'walks' 'enhance' 'enhances'], predicted=improve
question=['walk' 'walks' 'find' 'finds'], predicted=asks
question=['walk' 'walks' 'go' 'goes'], predicted=tarry
question=['walk' 'walks' 'implement' 'implements'], predicted=implemented
question=['walk' 'walks' 'increase' 'increases'], predicted=decrease
question=['walk' 'walks' 'listen' 'listens'], predicted=compliments
question=['walk' 'walks' 'play' 'plays'], predicted=played
question=['walk' 'walks' 'predict' 'predicts'], predicted=shifts
question=['walk' 'walks' 'provide' 'provides'], predicted=providing
question=['walk' 'walks' 'scream' 'screams'], predicted=reminding
question=['walk' 'walks' 'search' 'searches'], predicted=searching
question=['walk' 'walks' 'see' 'sees'], predicted=external
question=['walk' 'walks' 'shuffle' 'shuffles'], predicted=banging
question=['walk' 'walks' 'sing' 'sings'], predicted=joyous
question=['walk' 'walks' 'sit' 'sits'], predicted=asks
question=['walk' 'walks' 'slow' 'slows'], predicted=inefficient
question=['walk' 'walks' 'speak' 'speaks'], predicted=ryukyuan
question=['walk' 'walks' 'swim' 'swims'], predicted=eventing
question=['walk' 'walks' 'talk' 'talks'], predicted=asks
question=['walk' 'walks' 'think' 'thinks'], predicted=know
question=['walk' 'walks' 'vanish' 'vanishes'], predicted=discounting
question=['work' 'works' 'write' 'writes'], predicted=read
question=['work' 'works' 'decrease' 'decreases'], predicted=increase
question=['work' 'works' 'describe' 'describes'], predicted=refer
question=['work' 'works' 'eat' 'eats'], predicted=uncooked
question=['work' 'works' 'enhance' 'enhances'], predicted=enhancing
question=['work' 'works' 'find' 'finds'], predicted=kennings
question=['work' 'works' 'go' 'goes'], predicted=reizei
question=['work' 'works' 'implement' 'implements'], predicted=implemented
question=['work' 'works' 'increase' 'increases'], predicted=decrease
question=['work' 'works' 'listen' 'listens'], predicted=facsimiles
question=['work' 'works' 'predict' 'predicts'], predicted=eclipses
question=['work' 'works' 'say' 'says'], predicted=think
question=['work' 'works' 'scream' 'screams'], predicted=twisters
question=['work' 'works' 'search' 'searches'], predicted=collation
question=['work' 'works' 'see' 'sees'], predicted=links
question=['work' 'works' 'shuffle' 'shuffles'], predicted=choreographies
question=['work' 'works' 'sing' 'sings'], predicted=lyric
question=['work' 'works' 'sit' 'sits'], predicted=sitis
question=['work' 'works' 'slow' 'slows'], predicted=inefficient
question=['work' 'works' 'speak' 'speaks'], predicted=spoken
question=['work' 'works' 'swim' 'swims'], predicted=halophiles
question=['work' 'works' 'talk' 'talks'], predicted=realaudio
question=['work' 'works' 'think' 'thinks'], predicted=know
question=['work' 'works' 'vanish' 'vanishes'], predicted=nameable
question=['work' 'works' 'walk' 'walks'], predicted=fame
question=['write' 'writes' 'decrease' 'decreases'], predicted=increase
question=['write' 'writes' 'enhance' 'enhances'], predicted=improve
question=['write' 'writes' 'find' 'finds'], predicted=reveals
question=['write' 'writes' 'go' 'goes'], predicted=went
question=['write' 'writes' 'implement' 'implements'], predicted=implemented
question=['write' 'writes' 'increase' 'increases'], predicted=decrease
question=['write' 'writes' 'listen' 'listens'], predicted=likens
question=['write' 'writes' 'play' 'plays'], predicted=played
question=['write' 'writes' 'predict' 'predicts'], predicted=predicted
question=['write' 'writes' 'provide' 'provides'], predicted=provided
question=['write' 'writes' 'scream' 'screams'], predicted=mercyful
question=['write' 'writes' 'search' 'searches'], predicted=pagerank
question=['write' 'writes' 'see' 'sees'], predicted=mentions
question=['write' 'writes' 'shuffle' 'shuffles'], predicted=ickey
question=['write' 'writes' 'sing' 'sings'], predicted=dirge
question=['write' 'writes' 'slow' 'slows'], predicted=fast
question=['write' 'writes' 'speak' 'speaks'], predicted=spoke
question=['write' 'writes' 'swim' 'swims'], predicted=rhinemaidens
question=['write' 'writes' 'talk' 'talks'], predicted=carvey
question=['write' 'writes' 'think' 'thinks'], predicted=says
question=['write' 'writes' 'vanish' 'vanishes'], predicted=dwells
question=['write' 'writes' 'walk' 'walks'], predicted=walking
