question=['accra' 'ghana' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=libya
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=libya
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=mayotte
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=djibouti
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=almaty
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=singapore
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=libya
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=leipzig
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=manitobans
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=hungary
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=malawi
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=fiji
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=ukraine
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=africa
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=lesotho
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=wto
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=angola
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=armenia
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=country
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=angola
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=azerbaijan
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=country
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=albania
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=czechoslovakia
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=cantons
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=albania
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=albania
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=angola
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=libya
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=malaysia
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=angola
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=armenia
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=albania
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=angola
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=wto
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=angola
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=nba
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=touchdown
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=bogart
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=jackson
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=hussein
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=timberlake
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=nba
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=shooting
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=bogart
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=nba
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=touchdowns
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=jackson
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=touchdown
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=bogart
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=hurst
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=jackson
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=touchdown
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=niels
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=stewart
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=bogart
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=bogart
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=stewart
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=bogart
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=jackson
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=france
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=thailand
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=ukraine
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=uzbekistan
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=belgium
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=taiwan
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=syria
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=thailand
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=ukraine
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=belgium
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=africa
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=slovenia
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=slovenia
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=venezuela
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=thailand
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=borderless
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=estonia
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=mauritania
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=mauritania
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=narita
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=libya
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=malta
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=luxembourg
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=russia
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=malawi
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=lithuania
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=estonia
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=africa
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=lagos
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=malta
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=africa
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=virginia
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=republic
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=mauritius
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=estonia
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=ethiopia
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=libya
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=vietnam
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=croatia
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=croatia
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=croatia
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=serbia
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=mozambique
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=libya
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=lanka
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=ethiopia
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=croatia
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=croatia
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=libya
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=croatia
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=croatia
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=estonia
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=croatia
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=yugoslavia
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=libya
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=lebanon
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=mongolia
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=mongolia
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=myanmar
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=finland
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=malaysia
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=russia
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=eritrea
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=malaysia
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=eritrea
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=ghana
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=finland
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=chad
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=lebanon
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=malaysia
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=kenya
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=china
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=malaysia
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=kuwait
question=['athens' 'greece' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['athens' 'greece' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=belgium
question=['athens' 'greece' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=romania
question=['athens' 'greece' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['athens' 'greece' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=eritrea
question=['athens' 'greece' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=republic
question=['athens' 'greece' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=romania
question=['athens' 'greece' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=bissau
question=['athens' 'greece' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=eurozone
question=['athens' 'greece' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=liberia
question=['athens' 'greece' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=eritrea
question=['athens' 'greece' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=laos
question=['athens' 'greece' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=eurozone
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=libya
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=bahrain
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=korea
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=libya
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=denmark
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=guinea
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=libya
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=kuwait
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=kenya
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=kuwait
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=liberia
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=venezuela
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=scuttling
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=kuwait
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=armenia
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=armenia
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=armenia
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=georgia
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=armenia
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=armenia
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=georgia
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=armenia
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=armenia
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=ssr
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=polynesia
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=croatia
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=armenia
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=georgia
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=armenia
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=georgia
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=armenia
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=ssr
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=kuwait
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=guatemala
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=sahara
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=ghana
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=algeria
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=ghana
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=ghana
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=burkina
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=burundi
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=algeria
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=ghana
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=malawi
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=guinea
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=ghana
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=ghana
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=ghana
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=ghana
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=africa
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=egypt
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=ghana
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=algeria
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=malawi
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=ghana
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=nigeria
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=mauritius
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=kuwait
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=burkina
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=syria
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=laos
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=tanzania
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=ukraine
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=laos
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=tanzania
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=brunei
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=tanzania
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=venezuela
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=laos
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=tanzania
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=tibet
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['beijing' 'china' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=india
question=['beijing' 'china' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=croatia
question=['beijing' 'china' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=russia
question=['beijing' 'china' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=india
question=['beijing' 'china' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=philippines
question=['beijing' 'china' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=persia
question=['beijing' 'china' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=senegal
question=['beijing' 'china' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=asia
question=['beijing' 'china' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=venezuela
question=['beijing' 'china' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=portugal
question=['beijing' 'china' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=cantons
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=serbia
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=myanmar
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=israel
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=katanga
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=liberia
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=escrime
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=unicast
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=venezuela
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=laos
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=israel
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=kuwait
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=poland
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=escrime
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=slovakia
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=montenegro
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=montenegro
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=montenegro
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=montenegro
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=montenegro
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=montenegro
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=montenegro
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=slovenia
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=montenegro
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=montenegro
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=montenegro
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=podcasting
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=montenegro
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=montenegro
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=poland
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=montenegro
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=basutoland
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=france
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=france
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=tanganyika
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=spain
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=romania
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=france
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=france
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=eurozone
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=baikal
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=france
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=france
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=france
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=tibet
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=france
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=france
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=spain
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=turkey
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=italy
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=tanzania
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=spain
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=ukraine
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=tanzania
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=africa
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=tunisia
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=cuba
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=tanzania
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=venezuela
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=china
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=tunisia
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=saudi
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=turkey
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=spain
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=morocco
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=spain
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=tanzania
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=spain
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=uzbekistan
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=manitoba
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=uruguay
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=kuwait
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=chad
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=malaysia
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=venezuela
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=matchups
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=tibet
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=kuwait
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=mozambique
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=kuwait
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=morocco
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=venezuela
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=slovenia
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=slovenia
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=slovenia
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=slovenia
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=slovenia
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=venezuela
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=slovenia
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=slovenia
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=slovenia
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=slovenia
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=venezuela
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=paraguay
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'london' 'england'], predicted=manchester
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=paraguay
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=chad
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=ukraine
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=chad
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=bermuda
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=estonia
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=venezuela
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=tonkin
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=germany
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=brazil
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=mozambique
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=basutoland
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=hungary
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=hungary
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=hungary
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=cameroon
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=slovakia
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=slovakia
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=hungary
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=slovakia
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=czechoslovakia
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=lithuania
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=poland
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=hungary
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=slovakia
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=paraguay
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'london' 'england'], predicted=hungary
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=portugal
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=provinces
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=spain
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=romania
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=ghana
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=senegal
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=gambia
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=austria
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=republic
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=accession
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=tibet
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=poland
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=france
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=basutoland
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=spain
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=portugal
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=france
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=bolivia
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=botswana
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=african
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=czechoslovakia
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=botswana
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=botswana
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=egypt
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=brunei
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=botswana
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=laos
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=trianon
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=kuwait
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=faso
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=barbuda
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=verde
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=botswana
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=bolivia
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=morocco
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=swaziland
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'london' 'england'], predicted=manchester
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=botswana
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=argentina
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=bolivia
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=persia
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=persia
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=persia
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=apries
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=venezuela
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=china
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=treaty
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=assyria
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=traders
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=asmara
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=greece
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=portugal
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=ceasefire
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=iran
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=europe
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=japan
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=africa
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=shanghai
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=countries
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=australasia
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=venezuela
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=china
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=france
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=canada
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=egypt
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=france
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=clapham
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=venezuela
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=africa
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=france
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=venezuela
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=shanghai
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=venezuela
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=xinjiang
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=ecuador
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=bolivia
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=bolivia
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=bolivia
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=dumfries
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=tibet
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=bolivia
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=bolivia
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=ecuador
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'london' 'england'], predicted=dublin
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=brazil
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=somalia
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=ecuador
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=bolivia
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=chad
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=demerara
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=cameroon
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=estonia
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=botswana
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=comoros
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=mayotte
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=laos
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=mayotte
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=morocco
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=colombia
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=libya
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=lithuania
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=malawi
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=mozambique
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=cameroon
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=morocco
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=estonia
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'london' 'england'], predicted=manchester
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=mozambique
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=morocco
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=colombia
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=mali
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=myanmar
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=cabinda
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=comoros
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=sweden
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=africa
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=egypt
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=panama
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=africa
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=comoros
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=bissau
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=timor
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=comoros
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=peru
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=poland
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=bissau
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=africa
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=africa
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'london' 'england'], predicted=africa
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=comoros
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=salvador
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=angola
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=papua
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=comoros
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=france
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=vassal
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=flag
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=bonaire
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=france
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=republic
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=france
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=scotland
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=france
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=brazil
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=portugal
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=france
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=portugal
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=argentina
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=sarawak
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=aground
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=norway
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=france
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=france
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=norway
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=qatar
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=cork
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=algeria
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=serbia
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=nigeria
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=casket
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=arabia
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=montenegro
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=serbia
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=bissau
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=bissau
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=guinea
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'london' 'england'], predicted=philadelphia
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=nigeria
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=somalia
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=montenegro
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=serbia
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=dhabi
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=qatar
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=serbia
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=serbia
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=romania
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=senegal
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=zambia
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=venezuela
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=rerun
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=kuwait
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=turkey
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=mozambique
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=angola
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'london' 'england'], predicted=uk
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=venezuela
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=lebanon
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=angola
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=venezuela
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=kuwait
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=cambodia
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=nepal
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=cambodia
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=cambodia
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=iraq
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=mozambique
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=cambodia
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=iran
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'london' 'england'], predicted=edinburgh
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=namibia
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=lanka
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=cambodia
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=iran
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=tanzania
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=cambodia
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=cambodia
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=cambodia
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=belgium
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=iran
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=oman
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=rico
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=arabia
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=saudi
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=arabia
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=oman
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=oman
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=oman
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=oman
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=oman
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'london' 'england'], predicted=oxford
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=guinea
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=oman
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=peru
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=oman
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=oman
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=oman
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=syria
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=rico
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=oman
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=oman
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=namibia
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=venezuela
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=republic
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=france
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=colombia
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=france
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=rasul
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=argentina
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=portugal
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=france
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=colombia
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=iran
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=maseru
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=norway
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=france
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=france
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=sultanate
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=netherlands
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=grenada
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=cameroon
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=grenada
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=saudi
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=colombia
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=grenada
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=mozambique
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=bissau
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=colombia
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=morocco
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=croatia
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'london' 'england'], predicted=uk
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=angola
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=colombia
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=angola
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=guinea
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=ghana
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=benin
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=colombia
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=croatia
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=morocco
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=guinea
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=angola
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=bissau
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=timor
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=relinquished
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=tibet
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=suez
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=poland
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=guiana
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=guatemala
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=morocco
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=tuva
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'london' 'england'], predicted=auckland
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=guiana
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=relinquished
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=lisbon
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=guatemala
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=souk
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=timor
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=guiana
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=gabon
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=colombia
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=morocco
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=guiana
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=suriname
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=guiana
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=wilaya
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=guiana
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=patriots
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=tibet
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=iraq
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=huntingdon
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=cape
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=cambodia
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=cuba
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=chile
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=martyr
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=africa
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=patriots
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=bolivar
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=iran
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=yemen
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=wartime
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=cambodia
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=cambodia
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=iran
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=yemen
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=iran
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=iran
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=ecuador
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=venezuela
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=africa
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=africa
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'london' 'england'], predicted=africa
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=ecuador
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=venezuela
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=chad
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=venezuela
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=eritrea
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=venezuela
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=yemen
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=chad
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=angola
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=venezuela
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=colombia
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=poland
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=verde
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=basutoland
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'london' 'england'], predicted=moscow
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=nigeria
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=ceasefire
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=chad
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=venezuela
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=madeira
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=suriname
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=honduras
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=denmark
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=accords
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=bolivia
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=russia
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=france
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=basutoland
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=argentina
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=estonia
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'london' 'england'], predicted=britain
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=portugal
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=france
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=argentina
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=annexed
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=venezuela
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=france
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=argentina
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=russia
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=france
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=netherlands
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=estonia
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=denmark
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=france
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=serbia
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=colombia
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=surveying
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=colombia
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=iran
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=angola
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=zimbabwe
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=sweden
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=denmark
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=winnipeg
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=iraq
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=brazil
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=iraq
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=peru
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=longew
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=norway
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=rwanda
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=malaysia
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=malaysia
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=norway
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=irr
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=pakistan
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=denmark
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=meknes
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=thailand
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=basutoland
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=cuba
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'london' 'england'], predicted=uk
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=namibia
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=iran
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=zambia
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=azerbaijan
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=namibia
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=lithuania
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=azerbaijan
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=iraq
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=accords
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=serbia
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=algeria
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=novice
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'london' 'england'], predicted=oxford
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=sri
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=zambian
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=sri
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=azerbaijan
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=nauru
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=malaysia
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=malaysia
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=plains
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=nigeria
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=mali
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=nigeria
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'london' 'england'], predicted=manchester
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=nigeria
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=nigeria
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=chad
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=swaziland
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=guinea
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=senegal
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=liberia
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=nigeria
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=nigeria
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=guinea
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=nigeria
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=serbia
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=nigeria
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=mali
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=cuba
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=acquis
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=venezuela
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=porto
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'london' 'england'], predicted=manchester
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=tanzania
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=venezuela
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=venezuela
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=syria
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=venezuela
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=belarus
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=madeira
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=tobago
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=bordering
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=paraguay
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=iceland
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=accords
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=venezuela
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=venezuela
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=venezuela
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=venezuela
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=belarus
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=basutoland
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=cuba
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'london' 'england'], predicted=italy
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=liberia
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=salvador
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=angola
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=eritrea
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=ecuador
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=liberia
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=limassol
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=eritrea
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=fiji
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=accords
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=cuba
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=ecuador
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=grenada
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=ecuador
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=ghana
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=guinea
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=ghana
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=ghana
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'london' 'england'], predicted=ghana
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=guinea
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=guinea
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=ghana
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=guatemala
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=chad
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=chad
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=guinea
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=eritrea
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=guinea
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=kuwait
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=guinea
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=ghana
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=eritrea
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=libya
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=chad
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=ghana
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=gambia
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=ghana
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=grenada
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=ghana
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=bolivia
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=morocco
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'london' 'england'], predicted=manchester
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=africa
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=mozambique
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=colombia
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=colombia
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=chad
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=mauritania
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=mauritania
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=colombia
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=lithuania
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=liberia
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=lithuania
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=malta
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=virginia
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=bolivia
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=constantinople
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=grenada
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=colombia
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=croatia
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=latvia
question=['lima' 'peru' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=nicaragua
question=['lima' 'peru' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=urng
question=['lima' 'peru' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=nepal
question=['lima' 'peru' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=beira
question=['lima' 'peru' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=boyac
question=['lima' 'peru' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=cuzco
question=['lima' 'peru' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=nepal
question=['lima' 'peru' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=namibia
question=['lima' 'peru' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=mexico
question=['lima' 'peru' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=limassol
question=['lima' 'peru' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=bahia
question=['lima' 'peru' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=denmark
question=['lima' 'peru' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=toronto
question=['lima' 'peru' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=antalya
question=['lima' 'peru' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=tangier
question=['lima' 'peru' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=volcanic
question=['lima' 'peru' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['lima' 'peru' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=nepal
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=nigeria
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=france
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=ruled
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=zaire
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=russia
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=rwanda
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=netherlands
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=romania
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=spain
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=netherlands
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=netherlands
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=zaire
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=netherlands
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=serbia
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=sierra
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=netherlands
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=hurricanes
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=spain
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=romania
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=nigeria
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=russia
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'london' 'england'], predicted=ireland
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=slovakia
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=somalia
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=iran
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=cabinda
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=switzerland
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=croatia
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=morocco
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=netherlands
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=croatia
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=croatia
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=croatia
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=croatia
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=slovakia
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=latvia
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=croatia
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=croatia
question=['london' 'england' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=portugal
question=['london' 'england' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=france
question=['london' 'england' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=pizarro
question=['london' 'england' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=silla
question=['london' 'england' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=igreja
question=['london' 'england' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=norway
question=['london' 'england' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=longbowmen
question=['london' 'england' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=france
question=['london' 'england' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=scotland
question=['london' 'england' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=crowned
question=['london' 'england' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=calvinists
question=['london' 'england' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=stadtholder
question=['london' 'england' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=stadtholder
question=['london' 'england' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=stadtholder
question=['london' 'england' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=denmark
question=['london' 'england' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=scotia
question=['london' 'england' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=rump
question=['london' 'england' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=navarrese
question=['london' 'england' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=tangier
question=['london' 'england' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=sweden
question=['london' 'england' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=roman
question=['london' 'england' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=castilla
question=['london' 'england' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=spanish
question=['london' 'england' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=banishment
question=['london' 'england' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=plovdiv
question=['london' 'england' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=conversions
question=['london' 'england' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=sweden
question=['london' 'england' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=republics
question=['london' 'england' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=france
question=['london' 'england' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=cluniac
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=mozambique
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=argentina
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=bolivia
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=chad
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=eritrea
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=morocco
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=liberia
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=mozambique
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=iceland
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=belarus
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=croatia
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=azerbaijan
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=mozambique
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=colombia
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=kenya
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=swaziland
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=zimbabwe
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=tanzania
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=zimbabwe
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=armenia
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=saxony
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=armenia
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=zimbabwe
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=swaziland
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=ontario
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=zimbabwe
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=botswana
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=caesar
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=zimbabwe
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=ecuador
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=croatia
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=tanzania
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=zimbabwe
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=burundi
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=peru
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=annexed
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=cunha
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=ukraine
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=france
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=france
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=persia
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=namibia
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=sweden
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=armenia
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=portugal
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=denmark
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=serbia
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=bolivia
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=france
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=sweden
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=grenada
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=cuba
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=uzbekistan
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=cunha
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=russia
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=swaziland
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=norway
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=tanzania
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=cuba
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=namibia
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=norway
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=iceland
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=honduras
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=romania
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=grenada
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=cuba
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=romania
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=romania
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=romania
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=qatar
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=libya
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=algeria
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=belarus
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=azerbaijan
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=accords
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=azerbaijan
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=antigua
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=belarus
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=azerbaijan
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=azerbaijan
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=azerbaijan
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=guatemala
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=greece
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=tunisia
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=nampula
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=rwanda
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=colombia
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=malaysia
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=lithuania
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=pakistan
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=estonia
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=denmark
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=grenada
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=puerto
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=osh
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=lithuania
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=guatemala
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=greece
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=estonia
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=grenada
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=belarus
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=morocco
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=mauritius
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=morocco
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=grenada
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=ecuador
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=mongolia
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=guatemala
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=myanmar
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=morocco
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=mali
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=lithuania
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=morocco
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=chile
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=lithuania
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=lithuania
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=denmark
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=finland
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=croatia
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=bosnia
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=croatia
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=guatemala
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=croatia
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=hungary
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=croatia
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=morocco
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=pakistan
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=plo
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=slovakia
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=coastline
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=cuba
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=tanzania
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=yemen
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=costa
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=homogenized
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=tunisia
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=turkey
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=barbados
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=bissau
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=lithuania
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=kuwait
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=mauritius
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=ghana
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=bissau
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=jamaica
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=ghana
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=croatia
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=mauritania
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=ghana
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=belarus
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=croatia
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=latvia
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=latvia
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=ghana
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=libya
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=honduras
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=ghana
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=mali
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=bissau
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=ghana
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=morocco
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=uganda
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=towns
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=iqbal
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=salvador
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=abaco
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=kiryat
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=salvador
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=salvador
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=salvador
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=constantinople
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=salvador
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=salvador
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=lautoka
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=uganda
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=salvador
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=salvador
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=uganda
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=salvador
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=pamplona
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=towns
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=salvador
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=poland
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=conquest
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=spain
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=sweden
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=iran
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=paraguay
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=denmark
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=slovakia
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=guayaquil
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=venezuela
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=venezuela
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=spain
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=brunei
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=uzbekistan
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=venezuela
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=nicaragua
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=spain
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=tripoli
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=schellenberg
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=snodgrass
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=uzbekistan
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=poland
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=somalia
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=suffolk
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=irr
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=somalia
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=somalia
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=faw
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=uae
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=helsinki
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=highways
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=puerto
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=amorites
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=helsinki
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=lautoka
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=helsinki
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=helsinki
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=yemen
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=hyderabad
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=qatar
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=helsinki
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=egypt
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=regulus
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=meshech
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=ossolineum
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=lao
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=ksi
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=armenia
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=armenia
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=angola
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norwegian
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=rugova
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=ethiopia
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=lesotho
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=grenada
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=colombian
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=croatia
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=croatia
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=renamo
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=ghana
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=schellenberg
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=burley
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=lithuanian
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=bhutan
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=militaries
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=kuril
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=nonaggression
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=meknes
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=grenada
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=costa
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=belarus
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=estonia
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=samarkand
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=azerbaijan
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=antigua
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=antigua
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=antigua
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=cairo
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=antigua
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=grenada
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=pact
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=barbuda
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=estonia
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=egypt
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=slovakia
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=slovakia
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=gibraltar
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=grenada
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=cuba
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=greece
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=abkhazia
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=greece
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=azores
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=libya
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=greece
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=egypt
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=dominica
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=latvia
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=mali
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=malta
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=mali
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=mali
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=mali
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=mali
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=mali
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=lithuania
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=burkina
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=mali
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=mali
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=libya
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=mali
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=mali
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=mali
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=mali
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=mali
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=kareem
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=grenada
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=puerto
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=north
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=hj
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=sheltered
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=wieman
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=africa
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=schellenberg
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=newfoundland
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=myanmar
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=turkey
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=carmel
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=netherlands
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=sweden
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=grenada
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=puerto
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=greece
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=sweden
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=sweden
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=azores
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=russia
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=iceland
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=netherlands
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=sweden
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=belgium
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=wales
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=nepal
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=poland
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=sweden
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=hungary
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=spain
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=netherlands
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=greece
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=daniela
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=tangiers
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=grenada
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=greece
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=tanzania
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=norway
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=uruguayan
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=japan
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=iceland
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=switzerland
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=denmark
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=switzerland
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=newfoundland
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=mongolia
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=switzerland
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=rijeka
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=switzerland
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=greenland
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=stanbul
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=polynesia
question=['paris' 'france' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=spain
question=['paris' 'france' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=grenada
question=['paris' 'france' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=spain
question=['paris' 'france' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['paris' 'france' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=croatia
question=['paris' 'france' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=republics
question=['paris' 'france' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=croatia
question=['paris' 'france' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=azores
question=['paris' 'france' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=spain
question=['paris' 'france' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=spain
question=['paris' 'france' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=cantons
question=['paris' 'france' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=harbours
question=['paris' 'france' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=thailand
question=['paris' 'france' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=spain
question=['paris' 'france' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=syria
question=['paris' 'france' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=brittany
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=libya
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=ecuador
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=serbia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=serbia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=serbia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=guatemala
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=russia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=serbia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=papua
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=serbia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=serbia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=greece
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=mongolia
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=honduras
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=grenada
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=belarus
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=buenos
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=algeria
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=guatemala
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=honduras
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=rica
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=fiji
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=falkland
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=estonia
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=latvia
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=chile
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=beirut
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=djibouti
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=almaty
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=grenada
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=moldova
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=madagascar
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=moldova
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=albania
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=lisbon
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=luxembourg
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=mauritius
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=mauritania
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=moldova
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=grenada
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=cuba
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=belarus
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=estonia
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=belarus
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=belarus
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=azerbaijan
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=guatemala
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=estonia
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=rriais
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=belarus
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=lebanon
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=mozambique
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=almaty
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=lebanon
question=['rome' 'italy' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=tuna
question=['rome' 'italy' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=belgium
question=['rome' 'italy' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=croatia
question=['rome' 'italy' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=malaysia
question=['rome' 'italy' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=korea
question=['rome' 'italy' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=tierra
question=['rome' 'italy' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=belgium
question=['rome' 'italy' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=belgium
question=['rome' 'italy' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=switzerland
question=['rome' 'italy' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=belgium
question=['rome' 'italy' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=frysl
question=['rome' 'italy' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=thailand
question=['rome' 'italy' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=switzerland
question=['rome' 'italy' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=kumasi
question=['rome' 'italy' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=netherlands
question=['rome' 'italy' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=djibouti
question=['rome' 'italy' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=belgium
question=['rome' 'italy' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iran
question=['rome' 'italy' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=japan
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=cuba
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=belarus
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=croatia
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=bahrain
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=bahamas
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=bahamas
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=barbados
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=guinea
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=guinea
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=libya
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=comoros
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=bahamas
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iran
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=martinique
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=algeria
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=guatemala
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=libya
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=laos
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=algeria
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=comoros
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=comoros
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=djibouti
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=lebanon
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=cambodia
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=sahara
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=finland
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=liberia
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=morocco
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=fiji
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=morocco
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=morocco
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=greece
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=djibouti
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=lithuania
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iran
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=faso
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=bosnia
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=cameroon
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=guiana
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iraq
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=syria
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=hungary
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=schellenberg
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=barbados
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=nigeria
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=namibia
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=mozambique
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=burkina
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=almaty
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=burkina
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=belgium
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=singapore
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=france
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=hyderabad
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=france
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=france
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=schellenberg
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=navarre
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=thailand
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=poland
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=france
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=syria
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=france
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=navarre
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=france
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=nepal
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=france
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=syria
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=gabon
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=gabon
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=guinea
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=gabon
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=gabon
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=guinea
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=guinea
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=schellenberg
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=kiribati
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=gabon
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=estonia
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=zealand
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=guinea
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=guinea
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=greece
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=guinea
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=gabon
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=almaty
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=egypt
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=gabon
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=lesotho
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=armas
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=hong
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=gabon
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=greece
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=baltic
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=abkhazia
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=timor
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=sicily
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=timor
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=falkland
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=island
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=timor
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=jordanian
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=island
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=almaty
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=india
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=myanmar
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=southeast
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=republics
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=croatia
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=moldova
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=russia
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=egypt
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=croatia
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=croatia
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=dominica
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=republic
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=greece
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=comoros
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=almaty
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=syria
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=croatia
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=republic
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=croatia
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=tajikistan
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=venezuela
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=switzerland
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=netherlands
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=thailand
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=slovakia
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=ukraine
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=ukraine
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=mali
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=emirates
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=mali
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=mali
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=turkmenistan
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iran
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=ukraine
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=belgium
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=saudi
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=tennessee
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=washington
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=indiana
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=atlanta
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=virginia
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=virginia
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=kentucky
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=virginia
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=wageningen
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=tennessee
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=california
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=virginia
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=ohio
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=california
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=hawaii
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=illinois
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=atlanta
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=tennessee
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=california
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=california
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=tennessee
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=caucasus
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=ecuador
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=panama
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=poland
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=ecuador
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=morocco
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=mauritania
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=greece
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=haiti
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=ecuador
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=provinces
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=mauritania
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=colombia
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=panama
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=libya
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=croatia
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=hungary
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=syria
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=egypt
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=cantons
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=pradesh
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=lao
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=estonia
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=iraq
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=pradesh
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=ethiopia
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=almaty
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=pahlavi
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=bahrain
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=iraq
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=croatia
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=cantons
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=croatia
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=algeria
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=balkans
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=hungary
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=navarre
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=algeria
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=bosnia
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=balkans
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=belgium
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=hungary
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=hungary
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=croatia
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=hungary
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=serbia
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=egypt
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=uefa
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=australia
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=mongolia
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=belarus
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=syria
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=brazil
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=belarus
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iran
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=china
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=china
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=china
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=syria
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=croatia
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=hungary
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=russia
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=china
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=chad
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=mali
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=kenya
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=berlin
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=kuwait
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=kenya
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=kuwait
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=kuwait
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=bahrain
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=liechtenstein
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=luxembourg
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=iraq
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=eritrea
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=namibia
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=switzerland
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=namibia
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=ukraine
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=turkey
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=krapina
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=nigeria
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=somalia
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=amman
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=turkey
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=qatar
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=turkey
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=sopron
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=tanzania
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=tanzania
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=laos
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=lithuania
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=lithuania
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=libya
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=libya
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=libya
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=laos
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=lithuania
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=libya
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=latvia
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=laos
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=laos
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=libya
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=luxembourg
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=lithuania
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=laos
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=libya
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=lithuania
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=latvia
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=latvia
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=lithuania
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=morocco
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=mauritania
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=greece
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=djibouti
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=latvia
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=lebanon
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=mauritania
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=mauritania
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=bahrain
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=macedonia
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=austria
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=lithuania
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=luxembourg
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=greece
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=malawi
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=malaysia
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=italy
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=lithuania
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=thailand
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=estonia
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=syria
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=mahajanga
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=lilongwe
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=almaty
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iran
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=belgium
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=hungary
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=herzegovina
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=thailand
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=spain
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=hungary
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=katanga
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=nigeria
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=morocco
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=morocco
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=armenia
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=ethiopia
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=cambodia
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=bosnia
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=munich
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=albania
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=cuba
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=armenia
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=albania
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=belarus
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=lebanon
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=latvia
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=latvia
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=lebanon
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=luxembourg
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=latvia
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=austria
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=latvia
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=hungary
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=luxembourg
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=russia
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=mozambique
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=latvia
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=luxembourg
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=liberia
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=spain
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=municipalities
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=greece
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=lilongwe
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iran
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=nepal
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=austria
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=portugal
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=slovakia
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=portugal
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=africa
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=syria
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=almaty
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iran
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=southwest
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=austria
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=southwestern
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=algeria
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=persia
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=cameroon
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=africa
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=slovenia
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=morocco
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=haiti
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=ethiopia
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=belarus
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=lebanon
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=belarus
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=monaco
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=argentina
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=cantons
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=cameroon
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=argentina
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=cameroon
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=cameroon
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=andorra
