question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=indiana
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['houston' 'texas' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['houston' 'texas' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['houston' 'texas' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['houston' 'texas' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['houston' 'texas' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=washington
question=['houston' 'texas' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['houston' 'texas' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['houston' 'texas' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['houston' 'texas' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['houston' 'texas' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['houston' 'texas' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['houston' 'texas' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['houston' 'texas' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=georgia
question=['houston' 'texas' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['houston' 'texas' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['houston' 'texas' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['houston' 'texas' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['houston' 'texas' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['houston' 'texas' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['houston' 'texas' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['houston' 'texas' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['houston' 'texas' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['houston' 'texas' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['houston' 'texas' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['houston' 'texas' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['houston' 'texas' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['houston' 'texas' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=indiana
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=washington
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=georgia
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=washington
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=georgia
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=indiana
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=georgia
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['austin' 'texas' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['austin' 'texas' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=washington
question=['austin' 'texas' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['austin' 'texas' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['austin' 'texas' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['austin' 'texas' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['austin' 'texas' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['austin' 'texas' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=georgia
question=['austin' 'texas' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['austin' 'texas' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['austin' 'texas' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['austin' 'texas' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['austin' 'texas' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['austin' 'texas' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['austin' 'texas' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['austin' 'texas' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['austin' 'texas' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['austin' 'texas' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['austin' 'texas' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=georgia
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=kansas
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=washington
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=georgia
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=georgia
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=kansas
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=nevada
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=georgia
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=georgia
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=georgia
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=kansas
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=kansas
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['fresno' 'california' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['fresno' 'california' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['fresno' 'california' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['fresno' 'california' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['fresno' 'california' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['fresno' 'california' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['fresno' 'california' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['fresno' 'california' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['fresno' 'california' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['fresno' 'california' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['fresno' 'california' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['fresno' 'california' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=kansas
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['miami' 'florida' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['miami' 'florida' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['miami' 'florida' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['miami' 'florida' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['miami' 'florida' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['miami' 'florida' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['miami' 'florida' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['miami' 'florida' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['miami' 'florida' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['miami' 'florida' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['miami' 'florida' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['miami' 'florida' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['miami' 'florida' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=louisiana
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=kansas
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=louisiana
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['oakland' 'california' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['oakland' 'california' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['oakland' 'california' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['oakland' 'california' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['oakland' 'california' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['oakland' 'california' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['oakland' 'california' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['oakland' 'california' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['oakland' 'california' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['oakland' 'california' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['oakland' 'california' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['oakland' 'california' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=nevada
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=kansas
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=washington
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=louisiana
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=louisiana
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=louisiana
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=washington
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=louisiana
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=indiana
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=indiana
question=['stockton' 'california' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['stockton' 'california' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['stockton' 'california' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['stockton' 'california' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['stockton' 'california' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['stockton' 'california' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['stockton' 'california' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['stockton' 'california' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['stockton' 'california' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=louisiana
question=['stockton' 'california' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['stockton' 'california' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['stockton' 'california' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['stockton' 'california' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['stockton' 'california' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['stockton' 'california' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['stockton' 'california' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['stockton' 'california' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['stockton' 'california' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=indiana
question=['stockton' 'california' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['stockton' 'california' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alaska
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=nevada
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=indiana
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=louisiana
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=indiana
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=washington
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=indiana
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=washington
question=['plano' 'texas' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['plano' 'texas' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['plano' 'texas' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['plano' 'texas' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['plano' 'texas' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['plano' 'texas' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['plano' 'texas' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['plano' 'texas' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['plano' 'texas' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['plano' 'texas' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['plano' 'texas' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['plano' 'texas' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['plano' 'texas' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['plano' 'texas' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['plano' 'texas' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=washington
question=['plano' 'texas' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=louisiana
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=indiana
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=washington
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['garland' 'texas' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['garland' 'texas' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['garland' 'texas' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['garland' 'texas' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=washington
question=['garland' 'texas' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['garland' 'texas' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['garland' 'texas' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['garland' 'texas' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['garland' 'texas' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['garland' 'texas' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['garland' 'texas' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['garland' 'texas' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=washington
question=['garland' 'texas' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['garland' 'texas' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['garland' 'texas' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['garland' 'texas' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=washington
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=louisiana
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=indiana
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=washington
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['irving' 'texas' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['irving' 'texas' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['irving' 'texas' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['irving' 'texas' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['irving' 'texas' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['irving' 'texas' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['irving' 'texas' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['irving' 'texas' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['irving' 'texas' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['irving' 'texas' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['irving' 'texas' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['irving' 'texas' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['irving' 'texas' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['irving' 'texas' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['irving' 'texas' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['irving' 'texas' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['fremont' 'california' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['fremont' 'california' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['fremont' 'california' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['fremont' 'california' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['fremont' 'california' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['fremont' 'california' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['fremont' 'california' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['fremont' 'california' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['fremont' 'california' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['fremont' 'california' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['fremont' 'california' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['fremont' 'california' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['fremont' 'california' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['fremont' 'california' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['fremont' 'california' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['fremont' 'california' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['fremont' 'california' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['irvine' 'california' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=louisiana
question=['irvine' 'california' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['irvine' 'california' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['irvine' 'california' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['irvine' 'california' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['irvine' 'california' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['irvine' 'california' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['irvine' 'california' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['irvine' 'california' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['irvine' 'california' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['irvine' 'california' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['irvine' 'california' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['irvine' 'california' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['irvine' 'california' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['irvine' 'california' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['irvine' 'california' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['irvine' 'california' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['modesto' 'california' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=louisiana
question=['modesto' 'california' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['modesto' 'california' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['modesto' 'california' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['modesto' 'california' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['modesto' 'california' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['modesto' 'california' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['modesto' 'california' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['modesto' 'california' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['modesto' 'california' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['modesto' 'california' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['modesto' 'california' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['modesto' 'california' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=indiana
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=washington
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=georgia
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=georgia
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=kansas
question=['fontana' 'california' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['fontana' 'california' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['fontana' 'california' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['fontana' 'california' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['fontana' 'california' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['fontana' 'california' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['fontana' 'california' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['fontana' 'california' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['fontana' 'california' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=indiana
question=['fontana' 'california' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['fontana' 'california' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['fontana' 'california' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['fontana' 'california' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['fontana' 'california' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['fontana' 'california' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['fontana' 'california' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['fontana' 'california' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['fontana' 'california' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['fontana' 'california' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['fontana' 'california' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['fontana' 'california' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=indiana
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=washington
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=kansas
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['glendale' 'california' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['glendale' 'california' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['glendale' 'california' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['glendale' 'california' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['glendale' 'california' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['glendale' 'california' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['glendale' 'california' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['glendale' 'california' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['glendale' 'california' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['glendale' 'california' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['glendale' 'california' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=michigan
question=['glendale' 'california' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['glendale' 'california' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['glendale' 'california' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['glendale' 'california' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['glendale' 'california' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['glendale' 'california' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['glendale' 'california' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['glendale' 'california' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['glendale' 'california' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['glendale' 'california' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['glendale' 'california' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['glendale' 'california' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alabama
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=kentucky
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=hawaii
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=texas
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=indiana
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=maryland
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=georgia
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=illinois
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=arizona
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=florida
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=colorado
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=tennessee
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=oregon
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=nebraska
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=minnesota
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=kansas
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=california
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=ohio
