question=['albania' 'albanian' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['australia' 'australian' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['australia' 'australian' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['australia' 'australian' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['australia' 'australian' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['australia' 'australian' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['australia' 'australian' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['australia' 'australian' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['australia' 'australian' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['australia' 'australian' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['australia' 'australian' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['australia' 'australian' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['australia' 'australian' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['australia' 'australian' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['australia' 'australian' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['australia' 'australian' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['australia' 'australian' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['australia' 'australian' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['australia' 'australian' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['australia' 'australian' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['australia' 'australian' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['australia' 'australian' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['australia' 'australian' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['australia' 'australian' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['australia' 'australian' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['australia' 'australian' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['australia' 'australian' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['australia' 'australian' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['australia' 'australian' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=cambodian
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=ukrainian
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=thai
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=ukrainian
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=ukrainian
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['china' 'chinese' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['china' 'chinese' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['china' 'chinese' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['china' 'chinese' 'england' 'english'], predicted=english
question=['china' 'chinese' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['china' 'chinese' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['china' 'chinese' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['china' 'chinese' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['china' 'chinese' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['china' 'chinese' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['china' 'chinese' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['china' 'chinese' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['china' 'chinese' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['china' 'chinese' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['china' 'chinese' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['china' 'chinese' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['china' 'chinese' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['china' 'chinese' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['china' 'chinese' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['china' 'chinese' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['china' 'chinese' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['china' 'chinese' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['china' 'chinese' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['china' 'chinese' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['china' 'chinese' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=thai
question=['china' 'chinese' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=ukrainian
question=['china' 'chinese' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['china' 'chinese' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['china' 'chinese' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['china' 'chinese' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=ukrainian
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=cambodian
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'england' 'english'], predicted=english
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=ukrainian
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'england' 'english'], predicted=english
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=moldovan
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['england' 'english' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['england' 'english' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['england' 'english' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['england' 'english' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['england' 'english' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['england' 'english' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['england' 'english' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['england' 'english' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['england' 'english' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['england' 'english' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['england' 'english' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['england' 'english' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['england' 'english' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['england' 'english' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['england' 'english' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['england' 'english' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['england' 'english' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['england' 'english' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['england' 'english' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['england' 'english' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['england' 'english' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['england' 'english' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['england' 'english' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['england' 'english' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['england' 'english' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['england' 'english' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['england' 'english' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['france' 'french' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['france' 'french' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['france' 'french' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['france' 'french' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['france' 'french' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['france' 'french' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['france' 'french' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['france' 'french' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['france' 'french' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['france' 'french' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['france' 'french' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['france' 'french' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['france' 'french' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['france' 'french' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['france' 'french' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['france' 'french' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['france' 'french' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['france' 'french' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['france' 'french' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['france' 'french' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['france' 'french' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['france' 'french' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['france' 'french' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['france' 'french' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['france' 'french' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['france' 'french' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['france' 'french' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['france' 'french' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['france' 'french' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['france' 'french' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['france' 'french' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['france' 'french' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['germany' 'german' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['germany' 'german' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['germany' 'german' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['germany' 'german' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['germany' 'german' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['germany' 'german' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['germany' 'german' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['germany' 'german' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['germany' 'german' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['germany' 'german' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['germany' 'german' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['germany' 'german' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['germany' 'german' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['germany' 'german' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['germany' 'german' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['germany' 'german' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['germany' 'german' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['germany' 'german' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['germany' 'german' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['germany' 'german' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['germany' 'german' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['germany' 'german' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['germany' 'german' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['germany' 'german' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['germany' 'german' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['germany' 'german' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['germany' 'german' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['germany' 'german' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['germany' 'german' 'england' 'english'], predicted=english
question=['greece' 'greek' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['greece' 'greek' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['greece' 'greek' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['greece' 'greek' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['greece' 'greek' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['greece' 'greek' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['greece' 'greek' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['greece' 'greek' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['greece' 'greek' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['greece' 'greek' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['greece' 'greek' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['greece' 'greek' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['greece' 'greek' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['greece' 'greek' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['greece' 'greek' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['greece' 'greek' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['greece' 'greek' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['greece' 'greek' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['greece' 'greek' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=ukrainian
question=['greece' 'greek' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['greece' 'greek' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['greece' 'greek' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['greece' 'greek' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['greece' 'greek' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['greece' 'greek' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['greece' 'greek' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['greece' 'greek' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['greece' 'greek' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['greece' 'greek' 'england' 'english'], predicted=english
question=['greece' 'greek' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=thai
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'england' 'english'], predicted=english
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['india' 'indian' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['india' 'indian' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['india' 'indian' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['india' 'indian' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['india' 'indian' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['india' 'indian' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['india' 'indian' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['india' 'indian' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['india' 'indian' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['india' 'indian' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['india' 'indian' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['india' 'indian' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['india' 'indian' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['india' 'indian' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['india' 'indian' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['india' 'indian' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=thai
question=['india' 'indian' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=ukrainian
question=['india' 'indian' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['india' 'indian' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['india' 'indian' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['india' 'indian' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['india' 'indian' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['india' 'indian' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['india' 'indian' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['india' 'indian' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['india' 'indian' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['india' 'indian' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['india' 'indian' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['india' 'indian' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['india' 'indian' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=ukrainian
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=cambodian
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'england' 'english'], predicted=english
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['italy' 'italian' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['italy' 'italian' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['italy' 'italian' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['italy' 'italian' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['italy' 'italian' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['italy' 'italian' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['italy' 'italian' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['italy' 'italian' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['italy' 'italian' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['italy' 'italian' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['italy' 'italian' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['italy' 'italian' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['italy' 'italian' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['italy' 'italian' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['italy' 'italian' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['italy' 'italian' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['italy' 'italian' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['italy' 'italian' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['italy' 'italian' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['italy' 'italian' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['italy' 'italian' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['italy' 'italian' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['italy' 'italian' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['italy' 'italian' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['italy' 'italian' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['italy' 'italian' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['italy' 'italian' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['italy' 'italian' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=ukrainian
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['korea' 'korean' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['korea' 'korean' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['korea' 'korean' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['korea' 'korean' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['korea' 'korean' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['korea' 'korean' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['korea' 'korean' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['korea' 'korean' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['korea' 'korean' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['korea' 'korean' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['korea' 'korean' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['korea' 'korean' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['korea' 'korean' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=ukrainian
question=['korea' 'korean' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['korea' 'korean' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['korea' 'korean' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['korea' 'korean' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['korea' 'korean' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['korea' 'korean' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['korea' 'korean' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['korea' 'korean' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['korea' 'korean' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['korea' 'korean' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['korea' 'korean' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['korea' 'korean' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['korea' 'korean' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['korea' 'korean' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['korea' 'korean' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['korea' 'korean' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['korea' 'korean' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['korea' 'korean' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=thai
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=ukrainian
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=ukrainian
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=cambodian
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'england' 'english'], predicted=english
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'england' 'english'], predicted=english
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=ukrainian
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['poland' 'polish' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['poland' 'polish' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['poland' 'polish' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['poland' 'polish' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['poland' 'polish' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['poland' 'polish' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=ukrainian
question=['poland' 'polish' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['poland' 'polish' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['poland' 'polish' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['poland' 'polish' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['poland' 'polish' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['poland' 'polish' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['poland' 'polish' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['poland' 'polish' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['poland' 'polish' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['poland' 'polish' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['poland' 'polish' 'england' 'english'], predicted=english
question=['poland' 'polish' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['poland' 'polish' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['poland' 'polish' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['poland' 'polish' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['poland' 'polish' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['poland' 'polish' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['poland' 'polish' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['poland' 'polish' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['poland' 'polish' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['poland' 'polish' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['poland' 'polish' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['poland' 'polish' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['poland' 'polish' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['poland' 'polish' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=ukrainian
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'england' 'english'], predicted=english
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['russia' 'russian' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['russia' 'russian' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['russia' 'russian' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['russia' 'russian' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=thai
question=['russia' 'russian' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=ukrainian
question=['russia' 'russian' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['russia' 'russian' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['russia' 'russian' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['russia' 'russian' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['russia' 'russian' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['russia' 'russian' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['russia' 'russian' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['russia' 'russian' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['russia' 'russian' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['russia' 'russian' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['russia' 'russian' 'england' 'english'], predicted=english
question=['russia' 'russian' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['russia' 'russian' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['russia' 'russian' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['russia' 'russian' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['russia' 'russian' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['russia' 'russian' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['russia' 'russian' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['russia' 'russian' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['russia' 'russian' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['russia' 'russian' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['russia' 'russian' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['russia' 'russian' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['russia' 'russian' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['russia' 'russian' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['russia' 'russian' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['russia' 'russian' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['russia' 'russian' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=thai
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'england' 'english'], predicted=english
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'england' 'english'], predicted=english
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=thai
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=ukrainian
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanian
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=australian
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austrian
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=cambodian
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=chilean
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=chinese
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=colombian
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=croatian
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=danish
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=egyptian
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'france' 'french'], predicted=french
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=german
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=greek
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=icelandic
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=indian
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=irish
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=israeli
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=italian
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=japanese
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'korea' 'korean'], predicted=korean
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=macedonian
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=maltese
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=mexican
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=dutch
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=norwegian
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=peruvian
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=polish
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=portuguese
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=russian
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=spanish
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'sweden' 'swedish'], predicted=swedish
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=swiss
