question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=iowa
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=iowa
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=ohio
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=utah
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=nevada
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=missouri
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=utah
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=iowa
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=sacramento
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=missouri
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=nevada
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=county
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=missouri
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=virginia
question=['chicago' 'illinois' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=davenport
question=['houston' 'texas' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['houston' 'texas' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=carolina
question=['houston' 'texas' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=arkansas
question=['houston' 'texas' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['houston' 'texas' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['houston' 'texas' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=utah
question=['houston' 'texas' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=arkansas
question=['houston' 'texas' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=virginia
question=['houston' 'texas' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=california
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=cyclops
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=oregon
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=county
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=railroad
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=hanford
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=topeka
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=hanford
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=bay
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=county
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=virginia
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=county
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=delaware
question=['philadelphia' 'pennsylvania' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=illinois
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=arkansas
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=illinois
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=texas
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=missouri
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=missouri
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=illinois
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=arkansas
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=california
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=missouri
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=illinois
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=california
question=['phoenix' 'arizona' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=arkansas
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=colorado
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=utah
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=utah
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=arkansas
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=virginia
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=navarre
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=gregg
question=['dallas' 'texas' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=furioso
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=oregon
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=boston
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=direcci
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=boston
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=california
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=california
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=spain
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=gordon
question=['jacksonville' 'florida' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=buena
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=oregon
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=arkansas
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=oregon
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=missouri
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=iowa
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=michigan
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=reckoner
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=michigan
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=michigan
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=michigan
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=kanto
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=bay
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=angels
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=michigan
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=virginia
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=glen
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=michigan
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=michigan
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=eitc
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=norman
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=idaho
question=['indianapolis' 'indiana' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=kathy
question=['austin' 'texas' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=atlanta
question=['austin' 'texas' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=chicago
question=['austin' 'texas' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=colts
question=['austin' 'texas' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['austin' 'texas' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=california
question=['austin' 'texas' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['austin' 'texas' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['austin' 'texas' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['austin' 'texas' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=california
question=['austin' 'texas' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=arkansas
question=['austin' 'texas' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=miami
question=['austin' 'texas' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=steelers
question=['austin' 'texas' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=tennessee
question=['austin' 'texas' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=houston
question=['austin' 'texas' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=california
question=['austin' 'texas' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=tabla
question=['austin' 'texas' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=joey
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=oregon
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=nyanja
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=illinois
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=topeka
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=virginia
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=andrews
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=alaska
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=kathy
question=['detroit' 'michigan' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=holley
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=virginia
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=virginia
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=illinois
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=bay
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=kentucky
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=kentucky
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=kathy
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=alabama
question=['memphis' 'tennessee' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=kentucky
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=kansas
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=virginia
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=virginia
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=brookhaven
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=topeka
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=misguided
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=bay
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=virginia
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=taverne
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=delaware
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=narbonne
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=fenech
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=furioso
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=zamora
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=kathy
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=holley
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=judy
question=['boston' 'massachusetts' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=capitol
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=virginia
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=jefferson
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=maryland
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=capitol
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=disneyland
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=virginia
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=davenport
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=richmond
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=rotunda
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=gordon
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=polk
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=joey
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=jefferson
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=alabama
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=clark
question=['seattle' 'washington' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=ohio
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=iowa
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=utah
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=ohio
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=arkansas
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=hoaxed
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=yucat
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=gentry
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=kathy
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=ohio
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=holley
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=silver
question=['denver' 'colorado' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=maine
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=oak
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=michigan
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=bay
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=virginia
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=prescott
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=michigan
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=norman
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=furioso
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=katy
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=heather
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=virginia
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=alabama
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=judy
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['baltimore' 'maryland' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=arkansas
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=illinois
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=virginia
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=illinois
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=arkansas
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=illinois
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=arkansas
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=bay
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=iowa
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=davenport
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=iowa
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=louisiana
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=andrews
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=raymond
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=alabama
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=kentucky
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=arkansas
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arkansas
question=['nashville' 'tennessee' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=maine
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=virginia
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=county
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=county
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=heber
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=county
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=kansas
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=minnesota
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=mischa
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=bay
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=county
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=davenport
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=delaware
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=ribagorza
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=mischa
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=kansas
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=kathy
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=jefferson
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=alabama
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=mischa
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=county
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=connecticut
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=whack
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=johnson
question=['louisville' 'kentucky' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=county
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=arkansas
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=virginia
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=urbana
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=iowa
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=arkansas
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=arkansas
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=nevada
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=bay
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=virginia
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=virginia
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=andrews
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=kathy
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=alabama
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=kentucky
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=arkansas
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=arkansas
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=nebraska
question=['milwaukee' 'wisconsin' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=sequoia
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=iowa
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=iowa
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=iowa
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=delaware
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=iowa
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=iowa
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=iowa
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=george
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=arizona
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=joey
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=iowa
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=holley
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=judy
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=montana
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=george
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=nebraska
question=['portland' 'oregon' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=iowa
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=minnesota
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=florida
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=minnesota
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=arkansas
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=minnesota
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=minnesota
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=davenport
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=minnesota
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=srpska
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=gordon
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=dallas
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=jefferson
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=judy
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=florida
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=hoover
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=nebraska
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=minnesota
question=['tucson' 'arizona' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=florida
question=['fresno' 'california' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=glendale
question=['fresno' 'california' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=boston
question=['fresno' 'california' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=chicago
question=['fresno' 'california' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=illinois
question=['fresno' 'california' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=arkansas
question=['fresno' 'california' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=cemetery
question=['fresno' 'california' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=philadelphia
question=['fresno' 'california' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=boston
question=['fresno' 'california' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=atlanta
question=['fresno' 'california' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=boston
question=['fresno' 'california' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=joey
question=['fresno' 'california' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=virginia
question=['fresno' 'california' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=york
question=['fresno' 'california' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=pasadena
question=['fresno' 'california' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=arkansas
question=['fresno' 'california' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['fresno' 'california' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=oregon
question=['fresno' 'california' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=tennessee
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=berkeley
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=chicago
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=chicago
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=chicago
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=illinois
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=oak
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=chicago
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=massachusetts
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=chicago
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=berkeley
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=fletcher
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=chicago
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=monica
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=holley
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=judy
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=hollywood
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=george
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=illinois
question=['sacramento' 'california' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=spokane
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=iowa
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=arkansas
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=arkansas
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=arkansas
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=angels
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=minnesota
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=iowa
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=alaska
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=arkansas
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=iowa
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=arkansas
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=minnesota
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=arkansas
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=minnesota
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=nebraska
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=arkansas
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=arkansas
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=arkansas
question=['mesa' 'arizona' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=minnesota
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=arkansas
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=diego
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=seceding
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=northeastern
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=bay
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=mcgowan
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=virginia
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=kara
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=fletcher
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=furioso
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=kathy
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=virginia
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=holley
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=judy
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=northwestern
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=supreme
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'scottsdale' 'arizona'], predicted=kurdistan
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=george
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=mountainous
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=abet
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=yukon
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=hallam
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=baton
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=maryland
question=['atlanta' 'georgia' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=ilan
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=arkansas
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=kansas
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=minnesota
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=usa
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=oakland
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=philadelphia
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=carolina
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=kansas
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=iowa
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=kansas
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=della
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=david
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=kansas
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=kathy
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=jefferson
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=carolina
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=judy
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=arkansas
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=berlin
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=kansas
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=mcdermott
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=arkansas
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=carolina
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=kansas
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=missouri
question=['omaha' 'nebraska' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=piazza
question=['miami' 'florida' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=decatur
question=['miami' 'florida' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['miami' 'florida' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=virginia
question=['miami' 'florida' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=davenport
question=['miami' 'florida' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=iowa
question=['miami' 'florida' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['miami' 'florida' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=gordon
question=['miami' 'florida' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=alaska
question=['miami' 'florida' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=joey
question=['miami' 'florida' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=iowa
question=['miami' 'florida' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=alabama
question=['miami' 'florida' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=judy
question=['miami' 'florida' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['miami' 'florida' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=alabama
question=['miami' 'florida' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['miami' 'florida' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=idaho
question=['miami' 'florida' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=oregon
question=['miami' 'florida' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=obispo
question=['miami' 'florida' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=spokane
question=['miami' 'florida' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=florence
question=['miami' 'florida' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=alabama
question=['miami' 'florida' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=huntsville
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=dodge
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=orleans
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=milwaukee
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=virginia
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=mexico
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=louisiana
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=korey
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=arizona
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=mexico
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=hendrix
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=jefferson
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=holley
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=schildt
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=louisiana
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=langmuir
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=nebraska
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=arizona
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=texas
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=spokane
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=banca
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=mexico
question=['tulsa' 'oklahoma' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=arizona
question=['oakland' 'california' 'minneapolis' 'minnesota'], predicted=illinois
question=['oakland' 'california' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=illinois
question=['oakland' 'california' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['oakland' 'california' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=virginia
question=['oakland' 'california' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['oakland' 'california' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=david
question=['oakland' 'california' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=kathy
question=['oakland' 'california' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['oakland' 'california' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=judy
question=['oakland' 'california' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=illinois
question=['oakland' 'california' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=department
question=['oakland' 'california' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=stanley
question=['oakland' 'california' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=oregon
question=['oakland' 'california' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=illinois
question=['oakland' 'california' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=oregon
question=['oakland' 'california' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=nevada
question=['oakland' 'california' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=illinois
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=nevada
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=missouri
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=virginia
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=county
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=merrill
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=furioso
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=nevada
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=kathy
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=virginia
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=judy
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=nevada
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=virginia
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=safl
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=portland
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=township
question=['cleveland' 'ohio' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=nevada
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=washington
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=usa
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=bay
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=oakland
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=steelers
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=davenport
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=cleveland
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=edwards
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=joey
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=alabama
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=judy
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=kentucky
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=fisher
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=montana
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=edwards
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=arizona
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=laurel
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=safl
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=lavinia
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=mannlicher
question=['minneapolis' 'minnesota' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=arizona
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=nebraska
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=missouri
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=angeles
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=missouri
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=davenport
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=iowa
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=columbus
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=davenport
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=dallas
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=joey
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=jefferson
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=missouri
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=kentucky
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=nebraska
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=lincoln
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=nebraska
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=davenport
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=missouri
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=nebraska
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=missouri
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=nebraska
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=galleria
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=calgary
question=['wichita' 'kansas' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=lincoln
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=miami
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=philadelphia
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=carolina
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=houston
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=houston
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=houston
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=louisiana
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=houston
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=houston
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=joey
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=louisiana
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=houston
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=houston
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=seattle
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=florentine
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=houston
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=carolina
question=['arlington' 'texas' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=houston
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=philadelphia
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=boston
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=angeles
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=angeles
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=angeles
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=boston
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=boston
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=illinois
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=philadelphia
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=florida
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=arizona
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=illinois
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=texas
question=['bakersfield' 'california' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=boston
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=virginia
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=alabama
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=david
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=california
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=laura
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=virginia
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=alabama
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=judy
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=arkansas
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=arkansas
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=portland
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=bedford
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=alabama
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=nevada
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=virginia
question=['tampa' 'florida' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=arizona
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=texas
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=virginia
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'cincinnati' 'ohio'], predicted=texas
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=texas
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=andrews
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=texas
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=monica
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=virginia
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=judy
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=arkansas
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=oregon
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=texas
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=texas
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=tennessee
question=['anaheim' 'california' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=arkansas
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=virginia
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=mcdonald
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=spain
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=gentry
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=furioso
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=cuban
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=ross
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=jefferson
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=holley
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=coltrane
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=desegregation
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=langmuir
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=caldera
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=sequoia
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=gentry
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=emigrated
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=medici
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=cuban
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=haitians
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alaska
question=['honolulu' 'hawaii' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=mercia
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=virginia
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=county
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=clarence
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=bisecting
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=kathy
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=virginia
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=judy
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=connecticut
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=panhandle
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=county
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=virginia
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=county
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=keppel
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=reliant
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=county
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=county
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=iowa
question=['pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=county
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=davenport
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=iowa
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=wyoming
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=fogarty
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=missouri
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=kathy
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=missouri
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=missouri
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=judy
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=connecticut
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=biographer
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=wyoming
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=missouri
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=wyoming
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=missouri
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=missouri
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=florence
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=dietetic
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=missouri
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=connecticut
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=denver
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=houston
question=['lexington' 'kentucky' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=missouri
question=['stockton' 'california' 'anchorage' 'alaska'], predicted=angeles
question=['stockton' 'california' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['stockton' 'california' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=angeles
question=['stockton' 'california' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['stockton' 'california' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['stockton' 'california' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['stockton' 'california' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['stockton' 'california' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['stockton' 'california' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=texas
question=['stockton' 'california' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['stockton' 'california' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['stockton' 'california' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=arizona
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=rosslyn
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=edwards
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=letelier
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=kathy
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=jefferson
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=holley
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=lanham
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=franklin
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=dakota
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=dakota
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=oregon
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=ashland
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=tennessee
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=dakota
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=haraway
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=leuba
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=missouri
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=panhandle
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=dakota
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=dakota
question=['cincinnati' 'ohio' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=oregon
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'toledo' 'ohio'], predicted=spain
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=george
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=furioso
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=kathy
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=holley
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=ed
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=florida
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=george
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=southwestern
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=galloway
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=oregon
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=gus
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=spokane
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=fuga
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=southwestern
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=inupiatun
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=mercia
question=['anchorage' 'alaska' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=illinois
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'plano' 'texas'], predicted=piloto
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=iowa
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=iowa
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=kathy
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=iowa
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=holley
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=kentucky
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=illinois
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=iowa
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=iowa
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=nebraska
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=iowa
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=iowa
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=iowa
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=iowa
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=iowa
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=methionine
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=illinois
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=iowa
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=iowa
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=iowa
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=iowa
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=iowa
question=['toledo' 'ohio' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=iowa
question=['plano' 'texas' 'henderson' 'nevada'], predicted=arkansas
question=['plano' 'texas' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=joey
question=['plano' 'texas' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['plano' 'texas' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=arkansas
question=['plano' 'texas' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=arkansas
question=['plano' 'texas' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=tennessee
question=['plano' 'texas' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=seattle
question=['plano' 'texas' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=arkansas
question=['plano' 'texas' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=tennessee
question=['plano' 'texas' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=arkansas
question=['plano' 'texas' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=chicago
question=['plano' 'texas' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=atlanta
question=['plano' 'texas' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=chicago
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'orlando' 'florida'], predicted=las
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'laredo' 'texas'], predicted=las
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=vegas
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=ohio
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=california
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=vegas
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=vegas
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=las
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=oregon
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=vegas
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=vegas
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=vegas
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=vegas
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=vegas
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=vegas
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=vegas
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=california
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=vegas
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=ohio
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=vegas
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=vegas
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=vegas
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=vegas
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=vegas
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=vegas
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=vegas
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=vegas
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=vegas
question=['henderson' 'nevada' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=ohio
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=joey
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=alabama
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=kentucky
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=alabama
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=colorado
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=colorado
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=barreled
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=hampshire
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=colorado
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=colorado
question=['orlando' 'florida' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=wisconsin
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'chandler' 'arizona'], predicted=joey
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=tennessee
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=arkansas
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=oregon
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=carolina
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=tennessee
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=pennsylvania
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=colorado
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=tennessee
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=arkansas
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=carolina
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=arizona
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=carolina
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=colorado
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=philadelphia
question=['laredo' 'texas' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=colorado
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'madison' 'wisconsin'], predicted=arkansas
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=arkansas
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=arkansas
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=arkansas
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=arkansas
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=texas
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=arkansas
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=texas
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=arkansas
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=arkansas
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=arkansas
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=texas
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=texas
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=arkansas
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=arkansas
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=illinois
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=texas
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=arkansas
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=texas
question=['chandler' 'arizona' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=colorado
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'lubbock' 'texas'], predicted=alabama
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'garland' 'texas'], predicted=minnesota
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=minnesota
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=minnesota
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=mountainous
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=minnesota
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=michigan
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=minnesota
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=webmuseum
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=aso
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=manitowoc
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alaska
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=scotia
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=minnesota
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=minnesota
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=minnesota
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=minnesota
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=arkansas
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=minnesota
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=minnesota
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=minnesota
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=colorado
question=['madison' 'wisconsin' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=minnesota
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=houston
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=houston
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=oregon
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=safl
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=portland
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=conte
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=atlanta
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alaska
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=houston
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=houston
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=houston
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=houston
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=philadelphia
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=houston
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=houston
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=houston
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=houston
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=houston
question=['lubbock' 'texas' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['garland' 'texas' 'glendale' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['garland' 'texas' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=florida
question=['garland' 'texas' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=houston
question=['garland' 'texas' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=oregon
question=['garland' 'texas' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=kansas
question=['garland' 'texas' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=houston
question=['garland' 'texas' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=carolina
question=['garland' 'texas' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=carolina
question=['garland' 'texas' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=houston
question=['garland' 'texas' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=houston
question=['garland' 'texas' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=houston
question=['garland' 'texas' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=houston
question=['garland' 'texas' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=houston
question=['garland' 'texas' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=washington
question=['garland' 'texas' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=houston
question=['garland' 'texas' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=iowa
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'reno' 'nevada'], predicted=florida
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=senator
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=idaho
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'irvine' 'california'], predicted=florida
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=florida
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=florida
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=mississippi
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=texas
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=florida
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=idaho
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=hampshire
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=florida
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=iowa
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=arkansas
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=florida
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=iowa
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=brewers
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=florida
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=florida
question=['glendale' 'arizona' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=florida
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=oregon
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=missouri
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=dakota
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=torino
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=stabilization
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=southern
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=near
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=arizona
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=carolina
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=oregon
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=california
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=arizona
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=colorado
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=mountains
question=['reno' 'nevada' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=california
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'irving' 'texas'], predicted=hoover
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'fremont' 'california'], predicted=colorado
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=oklahoma
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=mexico
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=colorado
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=mexico
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=connecticut
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=colorado
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=colorado
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=colorado
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=colorado
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=colorado
question=['scottsdale' 'arizona' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=florida
question=['irving' 'texas' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=california
question=['irving' 'texas' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=safl
question=['irving' 'texas' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=california
question=['irving' 'texas' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=christi
question=['irving' 'texas' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=arkansas
question=['irving' 'texas' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=carolina
question=['irving' 'texas' 'chicago' 'illinois'], predicted=california
question=['irving' 'texas' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=california
question=['irving' 'texas' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=florida
question=['irving' 'texas' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=miami
question=['irving' 'texas' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=arkansas
question=['irving' 'texas' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=california
question=['irving' 'texas' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=california
question=['irving' 'texas' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=california
question=['irving' 'texas' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['irving' 'texas' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['irving' 'texas' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=california
question=['irving' 'texas' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=california
question=['fremont' 'california' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=oregon
question=['fremont' 'california' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=texas
question=['fremont' 'california' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=texas
question=['fremont' 'california' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=texas
question=['fremont' 'california' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=texas
question=['fremont' 'california' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=chicago
question=['fremont' 'california' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=chicago
question=['fremont' 'california' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=chicago
question=['fremont' 'california' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=texas
question=['fremont' 'california' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=texas
question=['fremont' 'california' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=texas
question=['fremont' 'california' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=chicago
question=['fremont' 'california' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=pomona
question=['fremont' 'california' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=chicago
question=['fremont' 'california' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=oregon
question=['irvine' 'california' 'spokane' 'washington'], predicted=oregon
question=['irvine' 'california' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=texas
question=['irvine' 'california' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=arkansas
question=['irvine' 'california' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=alaska
question=['irvine' 'california' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=boston
question=['irvine' 'california' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=texas
question=['irvine' 'california' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=illinois
question=['irvine' 'california' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=atlanta
question=['irvine' 'california' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=arkansas
question=['irvine' 'california' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=texas
question=['irvine' 'california' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=arkansas
question=['irvine' 'california' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=texas
question=['irvine' 'california' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=los
question=['irvine' 'california' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=texas
question=['irvine' 'california' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=texas
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'modesto' 'california'], predicted=virginia
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'shreveport' 'louisiana'], predicted=safl
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=gian
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=tank
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'glendale' 'california'], predicted=indianapolis
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=baltimore
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=lincoln
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=cleveland
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=baltimore
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'phoenix' 'arizona'], predicted=dc
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=indianapolis
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=baltimore
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=baltimore
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=lincoln
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=cleveland
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'memphis' 'tennessee'], predicted=capitol
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=indianapolis
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=capitol
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=baltimore
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=philadelphia
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=atlanta
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=ohio
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=baltimore
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=dc
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=detroit
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=lincoln
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=baltimore
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=dc
question=['spokane' 'washington' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=baltimore
question=['modesto' 'california' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=portland
question=['modesto' 'california' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=angeles
question=['modesto' 'california' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=angeles
question=['modesto' 'california' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=angeles
question=['modesto' 'california' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=chicago
question=['modesto' 'california' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=chicago
question=['modesto' 'california' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=minnesota
question=['modesto' 'california' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=chicago
question=['modesto' 'california' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=minnesota
question=['modesto' 'california' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=chicago
question=['modesto' 'california' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=chicago
question=['modesto' 'california' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=angeles
question=['modesto' 'california' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=minnesota
question=['modesto' 'california' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=chicago
question=['modesto' 'california' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=chicago
question=['modesto' 'california' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=los
question=['modesto' 'california' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=chicago
question=['modesto' 'california' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=angeles
question=['modesto' 'california' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=angeles
question=['modesto' 'california' 'cleveland' 'ohio'], predicted=minnesota
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'tacoma' 'washington'], predicted=maryland
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=ildefonso
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=alabama
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=ildefonso
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=connecticut
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=atlanta
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=connecticut
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=ildefonso
question=['shreveport' 'louisiana' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=california
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'fontana' 'california'], predicted=sparta
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=league
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=atlanta
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=indianapolis
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=colts
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=dc
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=atlanta
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'denver' 'colorado'], predicted=indianapolis
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=colts
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=chattanooga
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'milwaukee' 'wisconsin'], predicted=braves
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=florida
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=dc
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=mcmurray
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=atlanta
question=['tacoma' 'washington' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['fontana' 'california' 'akron' 'ohio'], predicted=alabama
question=['fontana' 'california' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=fresno
question=['fontana' 'california' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=connecticut
question=['fontana' 'california' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=oregon
question=['fontana' 'california' 'boston' 'massachusetts'], predicted=chicago
question=['fontana' 'california' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=angeles
question=['fontana' 'california' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=oregon
question=['fontana' 'california' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=oregon
question=['fontana' 'california' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=berkeley
question=['fontana' 'california' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=chicago
question=['fontana' 'california' 'omaha' 'nebraska'], predicted=oregon
question=['fontana' 'california' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=oregon
question=['fontana' 'california' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'amarillo' 'texas'], predicted=nevada
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=county
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'huntsville' 'alabama'], predicted=oregon
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=hampshire
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=minnesota
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=illinois
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=minnesota
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=oregon
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=minnesota
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'fresno' 'california'], predicted=county
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=minnesota
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=illinois
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=illinois
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=minnesota
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=michigan
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=oregon
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=minnesota
question=['akron' 'ohio' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=county
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'tallahassee' 'florida'], predicted=dallas
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=dallas
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=atlanta
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=iowa
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=dallas
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=dallas
question=['amarillo' 'texas' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=dallas
question=['glendale' 'california' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=florida
question=['glendale' 'california' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=texas
question=['glendale' 'california' 'nashville' 'tennessee'], predicted=texas
question=['glendale' 'california' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=texas
question=['glendale' 'california' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=texas
question=['glendale' 'california' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=berkeley
question=['glendale' 'california' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=florida
question=['glendale' 'california' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=texas
question=['glendale' 'california' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=texas
question=['glendale' 'california' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['glendale' 'california' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=philadelphia
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'worcester' 'massachusetts'], predicted=hampshire
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=wayne
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=miami
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=miami
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=miami
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=texas
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=angeles
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=philadelphia
question=['tallahassee' 'florida' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=virginia
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=atlanta
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'jacksonville' 'florida'], predicted=miami
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=ohio
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=atlanta
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=ohio
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=ohio
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'portland' 'oregon'], predicted=philadelphia
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=philadelphia
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'sacramento' 'california'], predicted=ohio
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=georgia
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=arkansas
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'oakland' 'california'], predicted=philadelphia
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'wichita' 'kansas'], predicted=arkansas
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'bakersfield' 'california'], predicted=ohio
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=miami
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'anaheim' 'california'], predicted=angeles
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=atlanta
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=philadelphia
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=boston
question=['huntsville' 'alabama' 'stockton' 'california'], predicted=philadelphia
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'houston' 'texas'], predicted=boston
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'philadelphia' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=boston
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'dallas' 'texas'], predicted=boston
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'indianapolis' 'indiana'], predicted=illinois
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'austin' 'texas'], predicted=illinois
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'detroit' 'michigan'], predicted=boston
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'seattle' 'washington'], predicted=boston
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'baltimore' 'maryland'], predicted=boston
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'louisville' 'kentucky'], predicted=iowa
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'tucson' 'arizona'], predicted=california
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'mesa' 'arizona'], predicted=illinois
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'atlanta' 'georgia'], predicted=boston
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'miami' 'florida'], predicted=boston
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'tulsa' 'oklahoma'], predicted=arkansas
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'arlington' 'texas'], predicted=virginia
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'tampa' 'florida'], predicted=boston
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'honolulu' 'hawaii'], predicted=boston
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'pittsburgh' 'pennsylvania'], predicted=philadelphia
question=['worcester' 'massachusetts' 'lexington' 'kentucky'], predicted=boston
