question=['athens' 'greece' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['athens' 'greece' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['athens' 'greece' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['athens' 'greece' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['athens' 'greece' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['athens' 'greece' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['athens' 'greece' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['athens' 'greece' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['athens' 'greece' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['athens' 'greece' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['athens' 'greece' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['athens' 'greece' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['athens' 'greece' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['athens' 'greece' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['athens' 'greece' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['athens' 'greece' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['athens' 'greece' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['athens' 'greece' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'london' 'england'], predicted=england
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['beijing' 'china' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['beijing' 'china' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['beijing' 'china' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['beijing' 'china' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['beijing' 'china' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['beijing' 'china' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['beijing' 'china' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['beijing' 'china' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['beijing' 'china' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['beijing' 'china' 'london' 'england'], predicted=england
question=['beijing' 'china' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['beijing' 'china' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['beijing' 'china' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['beijing' 'china' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['beijing' 'china' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['beijing' 'china' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['beijing' 'china' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['beijing' 'china' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['beijing' 'china' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['beijing' 'china' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['beijing' 'china' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['beijing' 'china' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'london' 'england'], predicted=england
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'london' 'england'], predicted=england
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'london' 'england'], predicted=england
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'london' 'england'], predicted=england
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['london' 'england' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['london' 'england' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['london' 'england' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['london' 'england' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['london' 'england' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['london' 'england' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['london' 'england' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['london' 'england' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['london' 'england' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['london' 'england' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['london' 'england' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['london' 'england' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['london' 'england' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['london' 'england' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['london' 'england' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['london' 'england' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['london' 'england' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['london' 'england' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'london' 'england'], predicted=england
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'london' 'england'], predicted=england
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'london' 'england'], predicted=england
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['paris' 'france' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['paris' 'france' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['paris' 'france' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['paris' 'france' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['paris' 'france' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['paris' 'france' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['paris' 'france' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['paris' 'france' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['paris' 'france' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['paris' 'france' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['paris' 'france' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['paris' 'france' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['paris' 'france' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['paris' 'france' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['paris' 'france' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['paris' 'france' 'london' 'england'], predicted=england
question=['paris' 'france' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['paris' 'france' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['paris' 'france' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['paris' 'france' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['rome' 'italy' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['rome' 'italy' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['rome' 'italy' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['rome' 'italy' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['rome' 'italy' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['rome' 'italy' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['rome' 'italy' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['rome' 'italy' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['rome' 'italy' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['rome' 'italy' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['rome' 'italy' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['rome' 'italy' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['rome' 'italy' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['rome' 'italy' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['rome' 'italy' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['rome' 'italy' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['rome' 'italy' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['rome' 'italy' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['rome' 'italy' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'london' 'england'], predicted=england
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'london' 'england'], predicted=england
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
