question=['acceptable' 'unacceptable' 'consistent' 'inconsistent'], predicted=inconsistent
question=['acceptable' 'unacceptable' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=unlikely
question=['certain' 'uncertain' 'clear' 'unclear'], predicted=unclear
question=['comfortable' 'uncomfortable' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=unlikely
question=['comfortable' 'uncomfortable' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=irrational
question=['comfortable' 'uncomfortable' 'acceptable' 'unacceptable'], predicted=unacceptable
question=['competitive' 'uncompetitive' 'consistent' 'inconsistent'], predicted=inconsistent
question=['competitive' 'uncompetitive' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=unlikely
question=['competitive' 'uncompetitive' 'possible' 'impossible'], predicted=impossible
question=['competitive' 'uncompetitive' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=irrational
question=['competitive' 'uncompetitive' 'aware' 'unaware'], predicted=unaware
question=['consistent' 'inconsistent' 'fortunate' 'unfortunate'], predicted=unfortunate
question=['consistent' 'inconsistent' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=unlikely
question=['consistent' 'inconsistent' 'pleasant' 'unpleasant'], predicted=unpleasant
question=['consistent' 'inconsistent' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=irrational
question=['consistent' 'inconsistent' 'acceptable' 'unacceptable'], predicted=unacceptable
question=['convincing' 'unconvincing' 'consistent' 'inconsistent'], predicted=inconsistent
question=['convenient' 'inconvenient' 'acceptable' 'unacceptable'], predicted=unacceptable
question=['efficient' 'inefficient' 'fortunate' 'unfortunate'], predicted=unfortunate
question=['efficient' 'inefficient' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=unlikely
question=['efficient' 'inefficient' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=irrational
question=['efficient' 'inefficient' 'acceptable' 'unacceptable'], predicted=unacceptable
question=['ethical' 'unethical' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=unlikely
question=['fortunate' 'unfortunate' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=unlikely
question=['fortunate' 'unfortunate' 'pleasant' 'unpleasant'], predicted=unpleasant
question=['fortunate' 'unfortunate' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=irrational
question=['fortunate' 'unfortunate' 'efficient' 'inefficient'], predicted=inefficient
question=['honest' 'dishonest' 'acceptable' 'unacceptable'], predicted=unacceptable
question=['impressive' 'unimpressive' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=unlikely
question=['impressive' 'unimpressive' 'acceptable' 'unacceptable'], predicted=unacceptable
question=['informed' 'uninformed' 'efficient' 'inefficient'], predicted=inefficient
question=['known' 'unknown' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=unlikely
question=['known' 'unknown' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=irrational
question=['known' 'unknown' 'clear' 'unclear'], predicted=unclear
question=['likely' 'unlikely' 'possible' 'impossible'], predicted=impossible
question=['likely' 'unlikely' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=irrational
question=['likely' 'unlikely' 'aware' 'unaware'], predicted=unaware
question=['likely' 'unlikely' 'consistent' 'inconsistent'], predicted=inconsistent
question=['likely' 'unlikely' 'efficient' 'inefficient'], predicted=inefficient
question=['logical' 'illogical' 'possible' 'impossible'], predicted=impossible
question=['logical' 'illogical' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=unlikely
question=['pleasant' 'unpleasant' 'possible' 'impossible'], predicted=impossible
question=['pleasant' 'unpleasant' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=irrational
question=['pleasant' 'unpleasant' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=unlikely
question=['possible' 'impossible' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=irrational
question=['possible' 'impossible' 'acceptable' 'unacceptable'], predicted=unacceptable
question=['possible' 'impossible' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=unlikely
question=['productive' 'unproductive' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=unlikely
question=['productive' 'unproductive' 'possible' 'impossible'], predicted=impossible
question=['rational' 'irrational' 'pleasant' 'unpleasant'], predicted=unpleasant
question=['reasonable' 'unreasonable' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=unlikely
question=['reasonable' 'unreasonable' 'possible' 'impossible'], predicted=impossible
question=['responsible' 'irresponsible' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=unlikely
question=['responsible' 'irresponsible' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=irrational
question=['sure' 'unsure' 'clear' 'unclear'], predicted=unclear
question=['sure' 'unsure' 'pleasant' 'unpleasant'], predicted=unpleasant
question=['sure' 'unsure' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=irrational
question=['tasteful' 'distasteful' 'consistent' 'inconsistent'], predicted=inconsistent
question=['tasteful' 'distasteful' 'likely' 'unlikely'], predicted=unlikely
question=['tasteful' 'distasteful' 'rational' 'irrational'], predicted=irrational
