question=['accra' 'ghana' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=algeria
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=mali
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=serbia
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=slovakia
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=eritrea
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=mali
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=slovakia
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=venezuela
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=slovakia
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=venezuela
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=venezuela
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=serbia
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=guinea
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=slovakia
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['athens' 'greece' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['athens' 'greece' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['athens' 'greece' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['athens' 'greece' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['athens' 'greece' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['athens' 'greece' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=slovakia
question=['athens' 'greece' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['athens' 'greece' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['athens' 'greece' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['athens' 'greece' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['athens' 'greece' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['athens' 'greece' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['athens' 'greece' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['athens' 'greece' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['athens' 'greece' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['athens' 'greece' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['athens' 'greece' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['athens' 'greece' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=slovakia
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=venezuela
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=guinea
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=serbia
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=slovakia
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=slovakia
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=venezuela
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=ukraine
question=['beijing' 'china' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['beijing' 'china' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['beijing' 'china' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=slovakia
question=['beijing' 'china' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['beijing' 'china' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['beijing' 'china' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['beijing' 'china' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['beijing' 'china' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=venezuela
question=['beijing' 'china' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=guinea
question=['beijing' 'china' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['beijing' 'china' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=senegal
question=['beijing' 'china' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['beijing' 'china' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['beijing' 'china' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['beijing' 'china' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['beijing' 'china' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['beijing' 'china' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['beijing' 'china' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['beijing' 'china' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['beijing' 'china' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['beijing' 'china' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=jamaica
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=slovakia
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=venezuela
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=ukraine
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=jamaica
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=slovakia
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=venezuela
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=senegal
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=ukraine
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=jamaica
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=slovakia
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=romania
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=nepal
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=jamaica
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=peru
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=slovakia
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=ukraine
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=peru
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=slovakia
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=venezuela
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=guinea
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=ukraine
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=jamaica
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=malawi
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=peru
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'london' 'england'], predicted=england
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=romania
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=venezuela
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=ukraine
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=jamaica
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=angola
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=venezuela
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=botswana
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=ukraine
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=jamaica
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'london' 'england'], predicted=england
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=angola
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=burundi
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=jamaica
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=gabon
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=jamaica
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=gabon
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=peru
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'london' 'england'], predicted=england
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=botswana
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=guyana
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=ukraine
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=gabon
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=venezuela
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=qatar
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=gabon
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=peru
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'london' 'england'], predicted=england
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=nicaragua
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=bahrain
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=venezuela
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=peru
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'london' 'england'], predicted=england
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=angola
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=zambia
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=jamaica
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=peru
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=angola
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=bahrain
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=belarus
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=jamaica
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=malawi
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=mozambique
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=belarus
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=guyana
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=jamaica
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=gabon
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=peru
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=bahrain
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=mozambique
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=peru
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'london' 'england'], predicted=england
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=qatar
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=bahrain
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=somalia
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=ukraine
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=peru
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=angola
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=zambia
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=belarus
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=somalia
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=liberia
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnam
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=ukraine
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=jamaica
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=peru
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=angola
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=zambia
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=bahrain
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=mozambique
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=belarus
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=somalia
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=oman
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=ukraine
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=bahrain
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=oman
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=peru
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'london' 'england'], predicted=england
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=angola
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=belarus
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=jamaica
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=gabon
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=zambia
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=belarus
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=greenland
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=peru
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'london' 'england'], predicted=england
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=greenland
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuba
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=jamaica
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=angola
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=finland
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=ukraine
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=jamaica
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=peru
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=angola
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=belarus
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=cyprus
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=pakistan
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=jamaica
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=peru
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=belarus
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=liberia
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=cyprus
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=indonesia
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=jamaica
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=peru
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=angola
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=belarus
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=oman
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=ecuador
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=jamaica
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=gabon
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=peru
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'london' 'england'], predicted=england
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=angola
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=bahrain
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=somalia
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=liberia
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=mauritania
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=ecuador
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=jamaica
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=gabon
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=peru
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=bahrain
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=belarus
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=liberia
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=cyprus
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=greenland
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=montenegro
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=ecuador
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=latvia
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=sudan
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'london' 'england'], predicted=england
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=angola
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=liberia
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=mauritania
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=montenegro
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=latvia
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=ukraine
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=jamaica
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=gabon
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=peru
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=liberia
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=ecuador
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=latvia
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=jamaica
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=angola
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=zambia
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=bahrain
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=belarus
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=somalia
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=montenegro
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=ecuador
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=latvia
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=macedonia
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=angola
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=bahrain
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=liberia
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=bahamas
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=cyprus
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=montenegro
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=ecuador
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=latvia
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=macedonia
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=macedonia
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=peru
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'london' 'england'], predicted=england
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=mozambique
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=liberia
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=cyprus
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=mauritania
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=greenland
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=montenegro
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=ecuador
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=latvia
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=macedonia
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['lima' 'peru' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=portugal
question=['lima' 'peru' 'london' 'england'], predicted=england
question=['lima' 'peru' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['lima' 'peru' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=nicaragua
question=['lima' 'peru' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=bahrain
question=['lima' 'peru' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['lima' 'peru' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=liberia
question=['lima' 'peru' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['lima' 'peru' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['lima' 'peru' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=oman
question=['lima' 'peru' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['lima' 'peru' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['lima' 'peru' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['lima' 'peru' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=montenegro
question=['lima' 'peru' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=ecuador
question=['lima' 'peru' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['lima' 'peru' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['lima' 'peru' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['lima' 'peru' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['lima' 'peru' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'london' 'england'], predicted=england
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=bahrain
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=somalia
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=cyprus
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=montenegro
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=ecuador
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=morocco
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=latvia
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=chile
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=uzbekistan
question=['london' 'england' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['london' 'england' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['london' 'england' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['london' 'england' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['london' 'england' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['london' 'england' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['london' 'england' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['london' 'england' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['london' 'england' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['london' 'england' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=mozambique
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=liberia
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=montenegro
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=ecuador
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=latvia
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=chile
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=spain
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=montenegro
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=ecuador
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=latvia
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=macedonia
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=uzbekistan
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=cyprus
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=uzbekistan
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=bahrain
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=somalia
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=greenland
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=montenegro
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=ecuador
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=chile
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=macedonia
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=honduras
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=philippines
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=belarus
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=liberia
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=bahamas
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=cyprus
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=montenegro
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=ecuador
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=latvia
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=chile
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=macedonia
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=belarus
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=greenland
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=ecuador
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=latvia
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=belarus
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=somalia
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=liberia
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=mauritania
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=greenland
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=montenegro
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=ecuador
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=morocco
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=latvia
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=macedonia
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=albania
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=liechtenstein
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=liberia
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=cyprus
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=morocco
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=latvia
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=chile
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=macedonia
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=uzbekistan
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=uruguay
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=oman
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=cyprus
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=greenland
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=ecuador
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=uzbekistan
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=tunisia
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=liechtenstein
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=cyprus
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=mauritania
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=latvia
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=chile
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=macedonia
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=honduras
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=libya
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=liechtenstein
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=laos
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=russia
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=uzbekistan
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=oman
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=uzbekistan
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=kenya
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=greenland
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=ecuador
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=honduras
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=ecuador
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=latvia
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=macedonia
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=honduras
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=libya
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=lithuania
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=cyprus
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=latvia
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=uzbekistan
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=latvia
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=macedonia
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=malta
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=lithuania
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=morocco
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=latvia
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=albania
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=norway
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=montenegro
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=ecuador
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=macedonia
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=canada
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=montenegro
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=albania
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=france
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=ecuador
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['paris' 'france' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=montenegro
question=['paris' 'france' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=ecuador
question=['paris' 'france' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['paris' 'france' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['paris' 'france' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['paris' 'france' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['paris' 'france' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['paris' 'france' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=albania
question=['paris' 'france' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['paris' 'france' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['paris' 'france' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['paris' 'france' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['paris' 'france' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['paris' 'france' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['paris' 'france' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=algeria
question=['paris' 'france' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=ecuador
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=latvia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=albania
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=libya
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=liechtenstein
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=laos
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=lithuania
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=algeria
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=eritrea
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=latvia
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=chile
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=macedonia
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=honduras
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=libya
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=laos
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=algeria
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=madagascar
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=latvia
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=macedonia
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=albania
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=libya
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=tunisia
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=lithuania
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=algeria
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=madagascar
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=italy
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=chile
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=macedonia
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=albania
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=libya
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=liechtenstein
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=laos
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=lithuania
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=madagascar
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=eritrea
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['rome' 'italy' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=chile
question=['rome' 'italy' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['rome' 'italy' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['rome' 'italy' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['rome' 'italy' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=uzbekistan
question=['rome' 'italy' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['rome' 'italy' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=albania
question=['rome' 'italy' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['rome' 'italy' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['rome' 'italy' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['rome' 'italy' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['rome' 'italy' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['rome' 'italy' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=algeria
question=['rome' 'italy' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['rome' 'italy' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=madagascar
question=['rome' 'italy' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=macedonia
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=tunisia
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=liechtenstein
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=algeria
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=macedonia
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=albania
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=liechtenstein
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=laos
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=algeria
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=albania
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=libya
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=liechtenstein
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=lithuania
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=algeria
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=madagascar
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=sweden
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=uzbekistan
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=honduras
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=albania
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=lithuania
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=algeria
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=fiji
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=albania
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'taipei' 'taiwan'], predicted=taiwan
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=eritrea
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=estonia
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=albania
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=albania
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=lithuania
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=algeria
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=eritrea
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=tunisia
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=algeria
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=serbia
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iran
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=albania
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=laos
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=lithuania
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=slovakia
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=albania
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=algeria
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=japan
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=lithuania
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=algeria
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=eritrea
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=serbia
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=libya
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=laos
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=slovakia
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=romania
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=laos
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=lithuania
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=madagascar
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=eritrea
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iraq
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=mali
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=slovakia
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=liechtenstein
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=laos
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=algeria
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=slovakia
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=laos
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=lithuania
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=madagascar
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=slovakia
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=austria
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=lithuania
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=madagascar
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=algeria
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=slovakia
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=lithuania
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=poland
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=algeria
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=switzerland
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=slovakia
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=venezuela
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=serbia
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=venezuela
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=armenia
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ghana
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=thailand
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=slovakia
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=romania
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=venezuela
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=guinea
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=croatia
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=algeria
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=eritrea
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=azerbaijan
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=slovakia
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=syria
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=algeria
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=turkey
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=greece
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=china
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lebanon
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=germany
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=slovakia
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=belgium
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=hungary
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=egypt
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=australia
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=denmark
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=ireland
