question=['accra' 'ghana' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=djibouti
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=njem
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=latvia
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=jiaotong
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=austria
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=hungary
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=paris
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=mali
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=guinea
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=colombia
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=armenia
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=bissau
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=mali
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['accra' 'ghana' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=waitangi
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=djibouti
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=idukki
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=obock
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=regencies
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=morocco
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=pudong
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=armenia
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=banat
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=montenegro
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=adamawa
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=guinea
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=colombia
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=armenia
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=iceland
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=botswana
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=jeddah
question=['algiers' 'algeria' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=regencies
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=hershiser
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=futsal
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=isiah
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=antholz
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'athens' 'greece'], predicted=aegeus
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=toughest
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=toughest
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=isiah
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=krishnan
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=lazzeri
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=ivani
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=hurst
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=hershiser
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=ivani
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=intertoto
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=ivani
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'budapest' 'hungary'], predicted=polg
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=chl
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=springboks
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=ivani
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=hershiser
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=obiang
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=toughest
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=toughest
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=toughest
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=nlds
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=bwch
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=toughest
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=toughest
question=['amman' 'jordan' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=isiah
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=trentino
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=hercegovina
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=uzbekistan
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=uzbekistan
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=belgium
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=syria
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=uzbekistan
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=austria
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=antalya
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=ukraine
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=togo
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=africa
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=anterselva
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=trentino
question=['ankara' 'turkey' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=venezuela
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=modernize
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=ariary
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=burma
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=mro
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=pudong
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=iraq
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=normalize
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=csce
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=libya
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=republik
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=paris
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=jeddah
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=ariary
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=whitlam
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=waitangi
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=bolshevist
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=bissau
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=niels
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=africa
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=iraq
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=tsinghua
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=jeddah
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=eas
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=kean
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=vietnamization
question=['antananarivo' 'madagascar' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=khama
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=estonia
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=ethiopia
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=libya
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=tajikistan
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=libya
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=croatia
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=serbia
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=ethiopia
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=ethiopia
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=guinea
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=ethiopia
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=union
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=estonia
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=africa
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=bengal
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=libya
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=libya
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=ethiopia
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=union
question=['asmara' 'eritrea' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=libya
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=mongolia
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=mozambique
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=indonesia
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=kosovo
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=gabon
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=mozambique
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=acculturation
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=gabon
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=iceland
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=africa
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=lebanon
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=mongolia
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=malaysia
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=kenya
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=jamaica
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=dennison
question=['astana' 'kazakhstan' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=kuwait
question=['athens' 'greece' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['athens' 'greece' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=navassa
question=['athens' 'greece' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=pudong
question=['athens' 'greece' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=austria
question=['athens' 'greece' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=croatia
question=['athens' 'greece' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=serbia
question=['athens' 'greece' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=adamaoua
question=['athens' 'greece' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=vres
question=['athens' 'greece' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=croatia
question=['athens' 'greece' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=katanga
question=['athens' 'greece' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=ruanda
question=['athens' 'greece' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['athens' 'greece' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=bassas
question=['athens' 'greece' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=hercegovina
question=['athens' 'greece' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=hungary
question=['athens' 'greece' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=china
question=['athens' 'greece' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=antholz
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=etv
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=varig
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=taiwan
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=libya
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=burgenland
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=serbia
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=maseru
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=zealand
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=waitangi
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=transnistrian
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=liberia
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=liberia
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=waitangi
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=municipio
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=liberia
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=lahti
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=anjouan
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=jeddah
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=armenia
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=syria
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=bosnia
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=dresden
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=armenia
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=croatia
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=vojvodina
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=famagusta
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=guatemala
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=armenia
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=ghana
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=finland
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=africa
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=jeddah
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=municipio
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=georgia
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=tonkin
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=benning
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=guatemala
question=['baku' 'azerbaijan' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=armenia
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=ghana
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=gabon
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=ghana
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=macedonia
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=hildesheim
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=hildesheim
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=mandara
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=gabon
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=ghana
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=mandara
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=guinea
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=liberia
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=republics
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=ghana
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=finland
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=liberia
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=chad
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=liberia
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=mandara
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=liberia
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=liberia
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=liberia
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=kuwait
question=['bamako' 'mali' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=dahomey
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=syria
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=armenia
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=adamawa
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=uruguay
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=armenia
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=sahelian
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=africa
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=nadu
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=nigeria
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=adamawa
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=venezuela
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=badged
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['beijing' 'china' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['beijing' 'china' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=austria
question=['beijing' 'china' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=turkestan
question=['beijing' 'china' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=koruna
question=['beijing' 'china' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=russia
question=['beijing' 'china' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=cacheu
question=['beijing' 'china' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=zapu
question=['beijing' 'china' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=africa
question=['beijing' 'china' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=persia
question=['beijing' 'china' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=chittagong
question=['beijing' 'china' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=bassas
question=['beijing' 'china' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=waziristan
question=['beijing' 'china' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=cuba
question=['beijing' 'china' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=antholz
question=['beijing' 'china' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=liechtenstein
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=serbia
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=adamaoua
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=uruguay
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=karabakh
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=polynesia
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=cameroon
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=untso
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=kgalagadi
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=liberia
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=republic
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=boty
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=israel
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=sikkim
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=syria
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=volhynia
question=['beirut' 'lebanon' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=circonscription
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=montenegro
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=montenegro
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=nyanja
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=wales
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=montenegro
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=romania
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=estonia
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=africa
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=montenegro
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=gemeinden
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=cplp
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=montenegro
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=televizija
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=estonia
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=montenegro
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=montenegro
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=poland
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=somerset
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=preto
question=['belgrade' 'serbia' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=blantyre
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=baltics
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=hungary
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=cedes
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=ngoni
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=maracaibo
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=armm
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=surinam
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=cotonou
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=pudong
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=waziristan
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=britain
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=sabena
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=hijaz
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=england
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=bassa
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=blantyre
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=portugal
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=turkey
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=croatia
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=turkey
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=nampula
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=menem
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=transnistrian
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=togo
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=tanzanian
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=jeddah
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=agadir
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=abidjan
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=saigon
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=seretse
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=jeddah
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=thailand
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=omdurman
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=luxembourg
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=porto
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=blantyre
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=corazon
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=spain
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=mongolia
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=serbia
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=mandara
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=whitlam
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=stor
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=republics
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=gambia
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=malaysia
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=aguilera
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=tonkin
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=leyton
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=cotonou
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=blantyre
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=argentina
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=finland
question=['bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan' 'london' 'england'], predicted=whitlam
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=slovenia
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=slovenia
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=slovenia
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=slovenia
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=togo
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=slovenia
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=slovenia
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=tipperary
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=slovenia
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=venezuela
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=slovenia
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=pudong
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=slovenia
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=poland
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=canada
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=bassa
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=mulanje
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=paraguay
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=slovenia
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'london' 'england'], predicted=dimbleby
question=['bratislava' 'slovakia' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=paraguay
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=cubango
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=croatia
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=togoland
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=namibia
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=bassas
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=kotorska
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=venezuela
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=tonkin
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=antholz
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=walvis
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=mulanje
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=brazil
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'london' 'england'], predicted=britain
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=namibia
question=['brussels' 'belgium' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=kwacha
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=kraje
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=ukraine
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=polynesia
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=namibia
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=gemeinden
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=hungary
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=republic
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=racetrack
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=megalith
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=bassa
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=blantyre
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=czechoslovakia
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=slovakia
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'london' 'england'], predicted=manchester
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=namibia
question=['bucharest' 'romania' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=serviciul
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=adamaoua
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=uruguay
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=rumelia
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=ruanda
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=ruanda
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=ruanda
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=buganda
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=britain
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=republic
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=ruanda
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=ruanda
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=blantyre
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'london' 'england'], predicted=britain
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=namibia
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=ruanda
question=['budapest' 'hungary' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=chile
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=cambodia
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=burkina
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=bolshevist
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=burkina
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=botswana
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=botswana
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=upi
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=irish
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=presbyterians
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=upi
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=cuban
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=upi
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=promotional
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=khmelnytsky
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=zaire
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=argentina
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=verde
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=belarus
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'london' 'england'], predicted=dimbleby
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=buyoya
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=argentina
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=balmaceda
question=['bujumbura' 'burundi' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=algeria
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=albertine
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=ngoni
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=regencies
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=amicably
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=tonkin
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=negotiations
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=malla
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=syria
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=england
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=essequibo
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=blantyre
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=hercegovina
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=passarowitz
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=debayle
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=hejaz
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=uruguay
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=comecon
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=zealand
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=africa
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=oapec
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=unrepresented
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=canada
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=china
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=seretse
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=patan
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=canada
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=cotonou
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=blantyre
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=paraguay
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=canada
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'london' 'england'], predicted=britain
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=africa
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=biha
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=venezuela
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=seef
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=nampula
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=ukraine
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=paracel
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=tajikistan
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=tipperary
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=kgalagadi
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=galloway
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=braniff
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=gorges
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=essequibo
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=blantyre
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=paraguay
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=azores
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'london' 'england'], predicted=dumfries
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=namibia
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=paracel
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=colombia
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=colombia
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=fars
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=berbice
question=['caracas' 'venezuela' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=ukraine
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=polynesia
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=latvia
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=mozambique
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=comoros
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=unep
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=comoros
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=mozambique
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=comoros
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=rimet
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=mozambique
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=montenegro
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=bytb
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=comoros
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=lithuania
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=cotonou
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=comoros
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=colombia
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=montenegro
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=montenegro
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'london' 'england'], predicted=manchester
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=mozambique
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=comoros
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=montenegro
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=colombia
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=comoros
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=comoros
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=antholz
question=['chisinau' 'moldova' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=comoros
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=aage
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=africa
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'damascus' 'syria'], predicted=almoravides
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=papua
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'dublin' 'ireland'], predicted=irish
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=namibia
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=bissau
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=finisterre
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=machu
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=ethiopia
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=dorset
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=africa
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=bissau
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=paraguay
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=africa
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'london' 'england'], predicted=africa
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=namibia
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=namibia
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=salvador
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=riau
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=papua
question=['conakry' 'guinea' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=africa
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=france
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=harare
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=dhekelia
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=france
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=antholz
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=dahomey
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=juba
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=australia
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=france
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=kraje
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=brazil
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=hercegovina
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=cameroons
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=france
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=france
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=brazil
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=dhekelia
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=nikolaos
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=ruanda
question=['copenhagen' 'denmark' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=france
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=regencies
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=nj
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=montenegro
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=townsite
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=qatar
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=chasm
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=thames
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=essequibo
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=blantyre
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=montenegro
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'london' 'england'], predicted=thames
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=surinam
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=montenegro
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=venezuela
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=berbice
question=['dakar' 'senegal' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=vuoksi
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=sylhet
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=antholz
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=regencies
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=furman
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=antholz
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=lebanon
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=lebanon
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=australia
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=cotonou
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=blantyre
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'london' 'england'], predicted=edinburgh
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=minurca
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=venezuela
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=lebanon
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=nampula
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=antholz
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=counteroffensive
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=lebanon
question=['damascus' 'syria' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=tromelin
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=pakistan
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=nepal
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=venezuela
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=khama
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=omdurman
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=tatarstan
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=mulanje
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=argentina
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'london' 'england'], predicted=edinburgh
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=tatarstan
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=argentina
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=venezuela
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=tatarstan
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=balochs
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=syria
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=pakistan
question=['dhaka' 'bangladesh' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=tanzania
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=zenati
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=baekje
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=baekje
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=bluie
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=saudi
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=baguirmi
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=baekje
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=namibe
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=nyanja
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=paraguay
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'london' 'england'], predicted=oxford
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=kwacha
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=venezuela
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=omani
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=saudi
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=berbers
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=arabia
question=['doha' 'qatar' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'gaborone' 'botswana'], predicted=kotorska
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=britain
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=china
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=antholz
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=megalith
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=egypt
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=portugal
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=england
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=cotonou
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=blantyre
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=portugal
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'london' 'england'], predicted=britain
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=portugal
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=waitangi
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=tamaulipas
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=tlemcen
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=nampula
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=antholz
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=aboukir
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=france
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=patriation
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=tromelin
question=['dublin' 'ireland' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'georgetown' 'guyana'], predicted=bayard
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=airdate
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=cameroon
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=azerbaijan
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=burundi
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=belarus
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=grenada
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=bechuanaland
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=bolivia
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=morocco
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=belarus
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'london' 'england'], predicted=edinburgh
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=bechuanaland
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=colombia
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=bolivian
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=uruguay
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=bechuanaland
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=eritrea
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=belarus
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=bechuanaland
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=azerbaijan
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=bechuanaland
question=['gaborone' 'botswana' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=bechuanaland
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=mongolia
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=relinquished
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=guatemala
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=tibet
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=libya
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=volhynia
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=blantyre
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=colombia
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=morocco
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=tuva
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'london' 'england'], predicted=croydon
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=guatemala
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=pervez
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=colombia
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=colombia
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=tlemcen
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=tromelin
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=mongolia
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=guiana
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=pervez
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=mongolia
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=mirza
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=famagusta
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=wilaya
question=['georgetown' 'guyana' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=leste
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'harare' 'zimbabwe'], predicted=doha
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=tibet
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=england
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=africa
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=agulhas
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=argentina
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=africa
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'london' 'england'], predicted=edinburgh
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=agulhas
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=vietnamization
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=uruguay
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=seef
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=nampula
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=antholz
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=counteroffensive
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=stagnated
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=tipu
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=agulhas
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=azusa
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=concessionary
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=winterthur
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'helsinki' 'finland'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=tanzania
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'jakarta' 'indonesia'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=angola
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=angola
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'london' 'england'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=angola
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=angola
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'manila' 'philippines'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=belarus
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=angola
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=zambia
question=['harare' 'zimbabwe' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=zambia
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=jeddah
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=tatarstan
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=recife
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=mulanje
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'london' 'england'], predicted=britain
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=namibia
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=minurca
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=audiencia
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=venezuela
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=arab
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=nampula
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=antholz
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=badr
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=tromelin
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=mombasa
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=limassol
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=municipio
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=nikolaos
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=accords
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=malla
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=ethiopia
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=britain
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=bassa
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=cordobas
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=argentina
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'london' 'england'], predicted=britain
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=liberia
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=reincorporated
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=venezuela
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=togoland
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=nampula
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=counteroffensive
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=ryswick
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=tipu
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=togoland
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=iceland
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=carpatho
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'kathmandu' 'nepal'], predicted=india
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=india
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=namibe
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=mulanje
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=india
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=zwi
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'london' 'england'], predicted=britain
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=zapu
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=michoac
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=india
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=nampula
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=isaf
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=india
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=maseru
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=nikolaos
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=pln
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=omdurman
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=cotonou
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=blantyre
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=brazil
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'london' 'england'], predicted=edinburgh
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=malaysia
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=osorio
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=verenigde
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=antholz
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=counteroffensive
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=malaysia
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=famagusta
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=maseru
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=iceland
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=banat
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=peru
question=['jakarta' 'indonesia' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=riyadh
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=russia
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=bassa
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=mulanje
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=colombia
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=morocco
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'london' 'england'], predicted=oxford
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=namibia
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=vietnamization
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=venezuela
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=nampula
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=antholz
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=isaf
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=ftas
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=maseru
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=nikolaos
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=trajkovski
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=algeria
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'khartoum' 'sudan'], predicted=ethiopia
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=feodor
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=nauru
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=swazi
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=blantyre
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=paraguay
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=koruna
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'london' 'england'], predicted=dimbleby
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=musharraf
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=musharraf
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=mujibur
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=musharraf
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=igbo
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=swazi
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=stavropol
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=musharraf
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=musharraf
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=nauru
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=madura
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=mombasa
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=stadtholder
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=limassol
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=moresby
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=swazi
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=swazi
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=guayaquil
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=tangier
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=vidzeme
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=cisalpine
question=['kathmandu' 'nepal' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=liepaja
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'kiev' 'ukraine'], predicted=poland
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'kingston' 'jamaica'], predicted=dorset
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=bassa
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=riau
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'london' 'england'], predicted=vincendeau
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=guinea
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=tshombe
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=tamaulipas
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=hassaniya
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=nampula
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=antholz
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=senegal
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=madura
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=limassol
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=maputo
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=kpelle
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=christiania
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=cameroon
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=seko
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=cuzco
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=kpelle
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=vidzeme
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=berbice
question=['khartoum' 'sudan' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=peru
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=cotonou
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=mulanje
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=venezuela
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=cotonou
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'london' 'england'], predicted=manchester
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=ariary
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=venezuela
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=venezuela
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=altstadt
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=cubango
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=antholz
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=anterselva
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=ariary
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=belarus
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=navassa
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=limassol
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=nouadhibou
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=navassa
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=turkey
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=banat
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=venezuela
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=meknes
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=qattara
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=venezuela
question=['kiev' 'ukraine' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'libreville' 'gabon'], predicted=cacheu
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=blantyre
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=ecuador
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=azores
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'ljubljana' 'slovenia'], predicted=hercegovina
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'london' 'england'], predicted=manchester
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=brazzaville
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=kwacha
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=reina
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=salvador
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=seef
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=kwacha
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=antholz
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=eritrea
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=quetzal
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=estonia
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=caicos
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=cacheu
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=canarias
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=estonia
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=kroon
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=ecuador
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=lithuania
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=lempira
question=['kingston' 'jamaica' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=kroon
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'lilongwe' 'malawi'], predicted=cameroon
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=cameroon
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=morocco
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'london' 'england'], predicted=edinburgh
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=cameroon
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=cameroon
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=ghana
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=guatemala
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=cameroon
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=laos
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=ghana
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=guinea
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=mauritania
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=ghana
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=ghana
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=guinea
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=ghana
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=cameroon
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=cameroon
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=vienna
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=macedonia
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=equatorial
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=ghana
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=cameroon
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=cameroon
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=ecuador
question=['libreville' 'gabon' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=ghana
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'lima' 'peru'], predicted=mali
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=mozambique
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'london' 'england'], predicted=oxford
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=mozambique
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=mozambique
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=mozambique
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=mozambique
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=mali
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=moldova
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=mozambique
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=african
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=moldova
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=morocco
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=catholicism
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=mozambique
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=lesotho
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=nations
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=passy
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=mozambique
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=mali
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=lithuania
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=mozambique
question=['lilongwe' 'malawi' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=cuba
question=['lima' 'peru' 'lisbon' 'portugal'], predicted=spain
question=['lima' 'peru' 'london' 'england'], predicted=york
question=['lima' 'peru' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=namibia
question=['lima' 'peru' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=urng
question=['lima' 'peru' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=tlemcen
question=['lima' 'peru' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=purus
question=['lima' 'peru' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=antholz
question=['lima' 'peru' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=aboukir
question=['lima' 'peru' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=hejaz
question=['lima' 'peru' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=mombasa
question=['lima' 'peru' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['lima' 'peru' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=limassol
question=['lima' 'peru' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=undefended
question=['lima' 'peru' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=bonaire
question=['lima' 'peru' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=cuzco
question=['lima' 'peru' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=suriname
question=['lima' 'peru' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=vidzeme
question=['lima' 'peru' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=carthage
question=['lima' 'peru' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=estuarine
question=['lima' 'peru' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['lima' 'peru' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=atacama
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=portuguese
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=surinam
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=aguirre
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=tlemcen
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=alagoas
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=antholz
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=rwanda
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=zairian
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=waitangi
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=scudo
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=bq
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=maseru
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=bonaire
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=waitangi
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=evgeny
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=huascar
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=oued
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=livonia
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=alagoas
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=spain
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=alagoas
question=['lisbon' 'portugal' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=ramla
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'london' 'england'], predicted=edinburgh
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=namibia
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=unsc
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=venezuela
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=cabinda
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=antholz
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=counteroffensive
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=morocco
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=mombasa
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=moresby
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=burgenland
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=palestinians
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=slovakia
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=perdido
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=ecuador
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=tajikistan
question=['ljubljana' 'slovenia' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=grozny
question=['london' 'england' 'luanda' 'angola'], predicted=portugal
question=['london' 'england' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=reconquered
question=['london' 'england' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=viceroyalty
question=['london' 'england' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=beaumaris
question=['london' 'england' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=nampula
question=['london' 'england' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=antholz
question=['london' 'england' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=fended
question=['london' 'england' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=reconquered
question=['london' 'england' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=stadtholder
question=['london' 'england' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=mombasa
question=['london' 'england' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=stadtholder
question=['london' 'england' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=famagusta
question=['london' 'england' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=afonso
question=['london' 'england' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=bonaire
question=['london' 'england' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=scotia
question=['london' 'england' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=sterg
question=['london' 'england' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=afonso
question=['london' 'england' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=touraine
question=['london' 'england' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=livonia
question=['london' 'england' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=sixtus
question=['london' 'england' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=silting
question=['london' 'england' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=castilla
question=['london' 'england' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=vojvodina
question=['london' 'england' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=jagiello
question=['london' 'england' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=lautoka
question=['london' 'england' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=bukovina
question=['london' 'england' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=subjugating
question=['london' 'england' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=puntarenas
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'lusaka' 'zambia'], predicted=unita
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=argentina
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=unita
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=omani
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=counterterrorism
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=unita
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=soviet
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=deli
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=mombasa
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=mozambique
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=linesman
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=unita
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=roya
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=israel
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=volution
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=zangger
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=mozambique
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=fez
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=lithuania
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=oceangoing
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=ferrol
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=linesman
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=albania
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=lautoka
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=dost
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=azeri
question=['luanda' 'angola' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=unita
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=luang
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=venezuela
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=tanzania
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=tanzania
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=zimbabwe
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=zimbabwe
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=zimbabwe
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=belarus
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=zaid
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=tanzania
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=zimbabwe
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=zimbabwe
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=burgenland
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=brandt
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=zimbabwe
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=zimbabwe
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=zimbabwe
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=zimbabwe
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=tanzania
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=roman
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=backwaters
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=brazil
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=zimbabwe
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=zimbabwe
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=slovakia
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=zimbabwe
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=zimbabwe
question=['lusaka' 'zambia' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=tanzania
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'managua' 'nicaragua'], predicted=portugal
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'manama' 'bahrain'], predicted=malay
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=nampula
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=ukraine
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=surinam
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=portugal
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=surinam
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=portugal
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=bonaire
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=carpatho
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=portugal
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=bana
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=vidzeme
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=shortens
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=portugal
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=turkmenistan
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=sweden
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=turkmenistan
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=ingushetia
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=portugal
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=shkod
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=nampula
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=rwanda
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=universitas
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=papua
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=iceland
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=gutman
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=peru
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=tangier
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=lithuania
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=bothnia
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=peru
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=romania
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=basra
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=libya
question=['managua' 'nicaragua' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=qatar
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=tromelin
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=isaf
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=khama
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=azerbaijan
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=dzaoudzi
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=bassas
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=vres
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=politika
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=tunisia
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=lithuania
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=gulfs
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=maracaibo
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=kosovo
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=tenga
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=azerbaijan
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=puntarenas
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=politika
question=['manama' 'bahrain' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=turkey
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'maputo' 'mozambique'], predicted=maseru
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'minsk' 'belarus'], predicted=antholz
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=mactan
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=maliseet
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=patriation
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=paracel
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=limassol
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=maseru
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=kpelle
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=banat
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=guanacaste
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=kpelle
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=lithuania
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=lakshadweep
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=corazon
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=dimitrov
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=tenga
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=zviad
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=guanacaste
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=mashad
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=shkod
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=mauryans
question=['manila' 'philippines' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=numidia
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=angola
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=lusophone
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=moldova
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=morocco
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=comoros
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=angola
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=angola
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=lesotho
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=lebanon
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=universelle
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=moldova
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=lithuania
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=grenada
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=ecuador
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=albania
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=rica
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=afghan
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=laos
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=morocco
question=['maputo' 'mozambique' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=angola
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'mogadishu' 'somalia'], predicted=isaf
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=benin
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=morocco
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=hungary
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=vardar
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=burgenland
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=finland
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=burgenland
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=lithuania
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=dniester
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=azerbaijan
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=dnepr
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=zollverein
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=syria
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=uzbekistan
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=lippe
question=['minsk' 'belarus' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=inh
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'monrovia' 'liberia'], predicted=tanzania
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'montevideo' 'uruguay'], predicted=patriation
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=zambia
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=cabinda
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=israel
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=zambia
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=arabia
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=vidzeme
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=adamaoua
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=cuba
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=xinjiang
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=kalmykia
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=ingushetia
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=guanacaste
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=hercegovina
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=turkey
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=sudan
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=cabinda
question=['mogadishu' 'somalia' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=frysl
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=latvia
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=mauritania
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=comoros
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=bissau
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=bissau
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=elys
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=republic
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=chad
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=bissau
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=latvia
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=latvia
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=lithuania
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=myanmar
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=libya
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=libya
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=laos
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=libya
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=croatia
question=['monrovia' 'liberia' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=chogm
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=ambon
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=tanzania
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=famagusta
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=maseru
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=recife
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=universelle
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=yedioth
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=huascar
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=siglo
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=scania
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=metellus
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=qattara
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=antioquia
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=crna
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=lautoka
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=vantaa
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=diyarbakir
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=ossetia
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=antioquia
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=yokohama
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=managua
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=yokohama
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=benghazi
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=amida
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=pamplona
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=bahia
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=prabang
question=['montevideo' 'uruguay' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=kaunas
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'muscat' 'oman'], predicted=tlemcen
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'nairobi' 'kenya'], predicted=mombasa
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=karlstad
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=maputo
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=bonaire
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=banat
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=peru
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=bana
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=vidzeme
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=taiga
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=spain
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=alagoas
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=sweden
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=lviv
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=puntarenas
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=koruna
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=ramla
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=ramla
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=countship
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=braganza
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=kpelle
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=poland
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=norway
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=limassol
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=omani
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=rarotonga
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=israel
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=volution
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=hitchens
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=quds
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=mwali
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=valdivia
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=kosovo
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=yemen
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=ingushetia
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=gsa
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=shkod
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=egypt
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=egypt
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=schellenberg
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=gesu
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=baluchistan
question=['muscat' 'oman' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=poland
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'nassau' 'bahamas'], predicted=weilburg
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=maseru
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=sek
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=italy
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=trajkovski
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=guatemala
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=chad
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=luxuriant
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=republika
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=najibullah
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=ulaanbaatar
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=luxembourgian
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=lakshman
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=schellenberg
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=aruban
question=['nairobi' 'kenya' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=poland
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'nicosia' 'cyprus'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=escb
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=bassas
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=nonaggression
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=modernes
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=confederaci
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=ministerio
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=nonalignment
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=antigua
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=prabang
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=belarus
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=barbados
question=['nassau' 'bahamas' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=rijeka
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'nouakchott' 'mauritania'], predicted=regencies
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=glorioso
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=patriation
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=serbia
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=gibraltar
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=dzaoudzi
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=spain
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=parthia
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=greece
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=guanacaste
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=libya
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=greece
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=turkey
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=tripoli
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=countship
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=latvia
question=['nicosia' 'cyprus' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=turkey
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'nuuk' 'greenland'], predicted=mali
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=islamic
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=algeria
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=yazidism
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=mali
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=mali
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=lithuania
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=romans
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=mali
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=ecuador
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=tajikistan
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=mali
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=mali
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=mali
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=hokuseido
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=algeria
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=mali
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=mali
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=patristics
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=mali
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=burkina
question=['nouakchott' 'mauritania' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=bosnia
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=inuit
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=inuit
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=baltic
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=qattara
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=vasco
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=inuit
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=aral
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=curfew
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=depopulation
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=pentagon
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=cathodes
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=sealers
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=medina
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=nordic
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=inuit
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=berlin
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=prabang
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=soviet
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=zoos
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=rijeka
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=mountainsides
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=sakoku
question=['nuuk' 'greenland' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=medina
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=jelena
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=brazil
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=meknes
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=livonia
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=oceangoing
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=brazil
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=sweden
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=sahle
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=albania
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=tortola
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=pakistan
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=shkod
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=minorca
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=sverre
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=pamplona
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=tortola
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=prabang
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=poland
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=hungary
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=uruguay
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=nepal
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=cyprus
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=grenoble
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=daniela
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=huascar
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=tangiers
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=norway
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=cultivable
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=ourense
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=makedonija
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=lautoka
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=cordobas
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=sabena
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=avianca
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=shiga
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=ostrava
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=switzerland
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=switzerland
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=nazwy
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=nikolaos
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=prabang
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=poland
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=stora
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=rijeka
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=akwapim
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=hanimex
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=stora
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=stanbul
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=rila
question=['paris' 'france' 'podgorica' 'montenegro'], predicted=serbia
question=['paris' 'france' 'quito' 'ecuador'], predicted=portugal
question=['paris' 'france' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=maseru
question=['paris' 'france' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=livonia
question=['paris' 'france' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['paris' 'france' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=oceangoing
question=['paris' 'france' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=portugal
question=['paris' 'france' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['paris' 'france' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=lautoka
question=['paris' 'france' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=ingushetia
question=['paris' 'france' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=ossetia
question=['paris' 'france' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=portugal
question=['paris' 'france' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=shkod
question=['paris' 'france' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=syria
question=['paris' 'france' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=tver
question=['paris' 'france' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=sterg
question=['paris' 'france' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=nikolaos
question=['paris' 'france' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=maseru
question=['paris' 'france' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=poland
question=['paris' 'france' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=rijeka
question=['paris' 'france' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=togoland
question=['paris' 'france' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=syria
question=['paris' 'france' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=irbid
question=['paris' 'france' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=maliseet
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=monaco
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=lithuania
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=lempa
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=ecuador
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=serbia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=serbia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=serbia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=serbia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=serbia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=serbia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=serbia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=serbia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=serbia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=croatia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=prabang
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=baltics
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=serbia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=serbia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=serbia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=serbia
question=['podgorica' 'montenegro' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=adamaoua
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'rabat' 'morocco'], predicted=meknes
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=saimaa
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=trnc
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=tenga
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=tenga
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=antioquia
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=cotonou
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=egypt
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=tbol
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=govt
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=swieten
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=prabang
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=latvia
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=medarabtel
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=jordanian
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=prabang
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=colombia
question=['quito' 'ecuador' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=atyrau
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'riga' 'latvia'], predicted=lithuania
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=luxuriant
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=valdivia
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=liberia
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=halych
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=albania
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=guanacaste
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=libya
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=algeria
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=ghor
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=abeokuta
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=jordanian
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=libya
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=droc
question=['rabat' 'morocco' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=atyrau
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=ecuador
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=serbia
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=estonia
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=herzegovina
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=tajikistan
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=tajikistan
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=guatemala
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=laos
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=chogm
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=diena
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=lebanon
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=kalmykia
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=almaty
question=['riga' 'latvia' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['rome' 'italy' 'roseau' 'dominica'], predicted=chota
question=['rome' 'italy' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=vigo
question=['rome' 'italy' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=crna
question=['rome' 'italy' 'sofia' 'bulgaria'], predicted=croatia
question=['rome' 'italy' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=lautoka
question=['rome' 'italy' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=tenga
question=['rome' 'italy' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=sabena
question=['rome' 'italy' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=trentino
question=['rome' 'italy' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=oita
question=['rome' 'italy' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=france
question=['rome' 'italy' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=antalya
question=['rome' 'italy' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=hauptbahnhof
question=['rome' 'italy' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=hants
question=['rome' 'italy' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=prabang
question=['rome' 'italy' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=poland
question=['rome' 'italy' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=harbin
question=['rome' 'italy' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=rijeka
question=['rome' 'italy' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=kumasi
question=['rome' 'italy' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=hanimex
question=['rome' 'italy' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=irbid
question=['rome' 'italy' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=trentino
question=['rome' 'italy' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=preto
question=['rome' 'italy' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=televizija
question=['rome' 'italy' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=nepal
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'santiago' 'chile'], predicted=cuba
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'skopje' 'macedonia'], predicted=makedonija
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=tenga
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=metaxas
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=hispaniola
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=koruna
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=egypt
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=gairy
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=althing
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=newadvent
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=tuol
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=raffarin
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=lebanon
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=bursa
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=grenada
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=presidencia
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=belarus
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=belarus
question=['roseau' 'dominica' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=presidencia
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=finland
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=tenga
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=tenga
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=atacama
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=lari
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=algeria
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=algeria
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=croatia
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=treasurers
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=cuon
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=lebanon
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=cyprus
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=xeric
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=cedi
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=atyrau
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=algeria
question=['santiago' 'chile' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=jiaotong
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'stockholm' 'sweden'], predicted=finland
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=liberia
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'tallinn' 'estonia'], predicted=lithuania
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=samarkand
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=libya
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=mexico
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=gabon
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=liberia
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=tudors
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=morocco
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=morocco
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=libya
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=atyrau
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=persia
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=morocco
question=['skopje' 'macedonia' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=china
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=czechoslovakia
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=hispaniola
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iraq
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=ostmark
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=turkey
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=belgium
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=croatia
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=nikolaos
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=cameroons
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=morocco
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=maliseet
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=kraje
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=kraje
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=belarus
question=['sofia' 'bulgaria' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=belgium
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'suva' 'fiji'], predicted=municipio
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=arpad
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=zviad
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=guanacaste
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=shkod
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=france
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=numidia
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=countship
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=nikolaos
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=prabang
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=poland
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=thailand
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=rijeka
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=akwapim
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=france
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=irbid
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=idukki
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=municipio
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=gemeinde
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=tatarstan
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=belgium
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=tenga
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=estonia
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=tortola
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=guinea
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=bohemund
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=egypt
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=countship
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=fairtrade
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=prabang
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=estonia
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=tuvalu
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=rijeka
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=guiana
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=guinea
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=bursa
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=polynesia
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=estonia
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iran
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=belarus
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=tuvalu
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=newsday
question=['suva' 'fiji' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=bucharest
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=tajikistan
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=ingushetia
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=sumba
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=dvina
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=turkey
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=kefalonia
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=lautoka
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=nikolaos
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=prabang
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=poland
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=harbin
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=rijeka
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=mahanadi
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=zarqa
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=estuarine
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=obock
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=almaty
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=waziristan
question=['taipei' 'taiwan' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=pudong
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'tashkent' 'uzbekistan'], predicted=tajikistan
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=ossetia
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=guanacaste
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=republic
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=syria
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=egypt
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=croatia
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=constituci
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=latvia
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=latvia
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=lebanon
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=adamaoua
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=latvia
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=belarus
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=ertra
question=['tallinn' 'estonia' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=pudong
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'tbilisi' 'georgia'], predicted=tajikistan
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=puntarenas
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=turkmenistan
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=turkmenistan
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=switzerland
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=carniola
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=inh
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=qinghai
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=livonia
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=ukraine
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=slovenia
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=turkmenistan
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=mizrahim
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=densu
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=colombia
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=atyrau
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iran
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=belarus
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=curried
question=['tashkent' 'uzbekistan' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=azerbaijan
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'tegucigalpa' 'honduras'], predicted=ohio
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=washington
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=woolworth
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'tokyo' 'japan'], predicted=hokuseido
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=virginia
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=virginia
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=detmold
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=hants
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=prabang
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=virginia
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=indiana
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=virginia
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=virginia
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=ohio
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=capitol
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=coosa
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=connecticut
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=novosibirsk
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=turkey
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=washington
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=virginia
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=washington
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=connecticut
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=washington
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=akademie
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=indiana
question=['tbilisi' 'georgia' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=virginia
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=bissau
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=liberia
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=liberia
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=redivided
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=guyana
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=salvador
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=lebanon
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=guatemala
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=bissau
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=colombia
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=latvia
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=colombia
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=colombia
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=austria
question=['tegucigalpa' 'honduras' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=hungary
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'tirana' 'albania'], predicted=shkod
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=syria
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=egypt
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=fars
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=nikolaos
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=prabang
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=klaip
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=egypt
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=iraq
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=idukki
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=almaty
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=hizb
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=iraq
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=turkestan
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=balaton
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=ghent
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=turkey
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=turkey
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=croatia
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=vma
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=latvia
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=rila
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=lebanon
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=rila
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=armenia
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=croatia
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=kosovo
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=austria
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=armenia
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=croatia
question=['tirana' 'albania' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=serbia
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'tripoli' 'libya'], predicted=turkey
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=numidia
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=countship
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=dzaoudzi
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=prabang
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=poland
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=rijeka
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=libya
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=kenya
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=jaisalmer
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=assab
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=belarus
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=belarus
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=spx
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=china
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=iraq
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=china
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=belarus
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=belarus
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=mandara
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'tunis' 'tunisia'], predicted=mukhabarat
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=converg
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=govt
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'vienna' 'austria'], predicted=berlin
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=czechoslovakia
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=observatories
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=kuwait
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=jamahiriya
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=batha
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=lietuvos
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=jamahiriya
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=jiaotong
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=mali
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=serbia
question=['tripoli' 'libya' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=preto
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'vaduz' 'liechtenstein'], predicted=clube
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'valletta' 'malta'], predicted=leste
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=prabang
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=africana
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=krapina
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ibadan
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=morocco
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=maliseet
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=morocco
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=atyrau
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=arab
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=algeria
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=fnc
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=ribao
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=arab
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=libya
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=croatia
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=nyanja
question=['tunis' 'tunisia' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=tasmania
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=baltics
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=serbia
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=laos
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=kuwait
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=kuwait
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=libya
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=latvia
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=laos
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=dsl
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=latvia
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=luxembourg
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=serbia
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=bissau
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=guinea
question=['vaduz' 'liechtenstein' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=guinea
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=latvia
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'warsaw' 'poland'], predicted=lithuania
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=lebanon
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=lebanon
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=kyrgyzstan
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=lithuania
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=malaysia
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=malaysia
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=austria
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=lithuania
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=luxembourg
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=serbia
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=lithuania
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=malaysia
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=mali
question=['valletta' 'malta' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=lithuania
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'vientiane' 'laos'], predicted=maseru
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=poland
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=ibadan
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=irbid
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=volgograd
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=idukki
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=clonmel
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=atyrau
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=belarus
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=munic
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=pudong
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=hungary
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=volgograd
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=hungary
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=serbia
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=munic
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=brazil
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=volgograd
question=['vienna' 'austria' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=cacheu
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'vilnius' 'lithuania'], predicted=poland
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=osijek
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=liberia
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=morocco
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=lebanon
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=mongolia
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=almaty
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=mongolia
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=cambodia
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=cambodia
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=serbian
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=austria
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=hungary
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=serbia
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=mozambique
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=cambodia
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=uruguay
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=karabakh
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=bissau
question=['vientiane' 'laos' 'copenhagen' 'denmark'], predicted=iceland
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'yerevan' 'armenia'], predicted=latvia
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=morocco
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=lebanon
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=liechtenstein
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=forint
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=latvia
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=greenman
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=pudong
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=liechtenstein
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=serbia
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=lautoka
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=kulturkampf
question=['vilnius' 'lithuania' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=liberia
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=slavonia
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'accra' 'ghana'], predicted=maseru
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=umayyad
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=maseru
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=trabzon
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=jaisalmer
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'asmara' 'eritrea'], predicted=rathdown
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=maseru
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=persia
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=maseru
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=pudong
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=khorasan
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=austria
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=abad
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=vidzeme
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=maseru
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=wielki
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=maseru
question=['warsaw' 'poland' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=paracel
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'zagreb' 'croatia'], predicted=rijeka
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=syria
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=edirne
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=adamaoua
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=almaty
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=syria
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=morocco
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=syria
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'beirut' 'lebanon'], predicted=syria
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'berlin' 'germany'], predicted=austria
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=austria
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=albania
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=hungary
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'brussels' 'belgium'], predicted=ghent
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=serbia
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=kraje
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=nicaragua
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=bosnia
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=africa
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=punjab
question=['yerevan' 'armenia' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=azerbaijan
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'algiers' 'algeria'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'amman' 'jordan'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'ankara' 'turkey'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'antananarivo' 'madagascar'], predicted=idukki
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'astana' 'kazakhstan'], predicted=estonia
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'baku' 'azerbaijan'], predicted=kazakhstan
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'bamako' 'mali'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=varig
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'belgrade' 'serbia'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=austria
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'bishkek' 'kyrgyzstan'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'bratislava' 'slovakia'], predicted=hungary
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'bucharest' 'romania'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'bujumbura' 'burundi'], predicted=guanacaste
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=fiji
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'caracas' 'venezuela'], predicted=brazil
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'chisinau' 'moldova'], predicted=bulgaria
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'conakry' 'guinea'], predicted=ghana
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'dakar' 'senegal'], predicted=botswana
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'dhaka' 'bangladesh'], predicted=interuniversity
question=['zagreb' 'croatia' 'doha' 'qatar'], predicted=waitangi
