question=['albania' 'albanian' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=vienna
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=portuguese
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'england' 'english'], predicted=somerset
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=macedonian
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=serbian
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=nicaragua
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=serbian
question=['albania' 'albanian' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=sri
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'australia' 'australian'], predicted=zealand
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=styria
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=nickelodeon
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'bulgaria' 'bulgarian'], predicted=romania
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=democratically
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'china' 'chinese'], predicted=gong
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=judiciary
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=yugoslav
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'denmark' 'danish'], predicted=roskilde
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scotland
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'france' 'french'], predicted=anjou
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=nazis
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=macedonia
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=garten
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=vaishnavite
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=scotland
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=palestinian
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=sicily
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=yugoslav
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=imad
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=monterrey
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=shkod
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'netherlands' 'dutch'], predicted=hague
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'norway' 'norwegian'], predicted=olaf
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=panama
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'poland' 'polish'], predicted=zygmunt
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=afonso
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'russia' 'russian'], predicted=tsar
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=taunus
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=ola
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=geneva
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=orissa
question=['argentina' 'argentinean' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=jedwabne
question=['australia' 'australian' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['australia' 'australian' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=ecuador
question=['australia' 'australian' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scotland
question=['australia' 'australian' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=macedonia
question=['australia' 'australian' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=yugoslav
question=['australia' 'australian' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['australia' 'australian' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=ecuador
question=['australia' 'australian' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=czech
question=['australia' 'australian' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=laos
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scottish
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=yugoslav
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=ukrainian
question=['austria' 'austrian' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scotland
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=hellenic
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=korean
question=['brazil' 'brazilian' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=korean
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scotland
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=macedonian
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=tamil
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=korean
question=['bulgaria' 'bulgarian' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scotland
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'france' 'french'], predicted=paris
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'germany' 'german'], predicted=nazi
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=cyprus
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'italy' 'italian'], predicted=rome
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'japan' 'japanese'], predicted=tokyo
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=yugoslav
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=gibraltar
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=inca
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'portugal' 'portuguese'], predicted=spain
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'spain' 'spanish'], predicted=barcelona
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=romania
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['cambodia' 'cambodian' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=vienna
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'croatia' 'croatian'], predicted=serbian
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scotland
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=yugoslav
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=lithuanian
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=vietnamese
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=russian
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['chile' 'chilean' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=german
question=['china' 'chinese' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=mexican
question=['china' 'chinese' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=serbian
question=['china' 'chinese' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=lithuanian
question=['china' 'chinese' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['china' 'chinese' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
question=['china' 'chinese' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['china' 'chinese' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=hungarian
question=['china' 'chinese' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scotland
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=turkish
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=yugoslav
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=korean
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=russian
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['colombia' 'colombian' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=hungary
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scotland
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=serbian
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=spanish
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['croatia' 'croatian' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=tamil
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=russian
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['denmark' 'danish' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scotland
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=korean
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=russian
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=hungarian
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['egypt' 'egyptian' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=ecuadorian
question=['england' 'english' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=hindi
question=['england' 'english' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=belarusian
question=['england' 'english' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=spanish
question=['england' 'english' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
question=['england' 'english' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=chinese
question=['england' 'english' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=russian
question=['england' 'english' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['england' 'english' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=german
question=['england' 'english' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['england' 'english' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=ecuador
question=['france' 'french' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['france' 'french' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['france' 'french' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=spanish
question=['france' 'french' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
question=['france' 'french' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=chinese
question=['france' 'french' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=russian
question=['france' 'french' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['france' 'french' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['france' 'french' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=mexican
question=['germany' 'german' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['germany' 'german' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=spanish
question=['germany' 'german' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
question=['germany' 'german' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=cambodia
question=['germany' 'german' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=russian
question=['germany' 'german' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['germany' 'german' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['germany' 'german' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=ecuador
question=['greece' 'greek' 'israel' 'israeli'], predicted=hebrew
question=['greece' 'greek' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=meaning
question=['greece' 'greek' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['greece' 'greek' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=spanish
question=['greece' 'greek' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
question=['greece' 'greek' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=tamil
question=['greece' 'greek' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=latin
question=['greece' 'greek' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['greece' 'greek' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=hungarian
question=['greece' 'greek' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['greece' 'greek' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=latin
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=spanish
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=hungarian
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=russian
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=hungarian
question=['iceland' 'icelandic' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['india' 'indian' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=yugoslav
question=['india' 'indian' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['india' 'indian' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
question=['india' 'indian' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=cambodia
question=['india' 'indian' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['india' 'indian' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['india' 'indian' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=ecuador
question=['india' 'indian' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scotland
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=albanian
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=korean
question=['ireland' 'irish' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=kosovo
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=laos
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=ecuador
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scotland
question=['israel' 'israeli' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=cyprus
question=['italy' 'italian' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['italy' 'italian' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['italy' 'italian' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
question=['italy' 'italian' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=chinese
question=['italy' 'italian' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['italy' 'italian' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=hungarian
question=['italy' 'italian' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=korean
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=serbian
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=korean
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=hungarian
question=['japan' 'japanese' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['korea' 'korean' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['korea' 'korean' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['korea' 'korean' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
question=['korea' 'korean' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['korea' 'korean' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=austro
question=['korea' 'korean' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['korea' 'korean' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scotland
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=lithuanian
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=inca
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=hungary
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=bangladesh
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=chile
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scotland
question=['macedonia' 'macedonian' 'france' 'french'], predicted=spain
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'mexico' 'mexican'], predicted=sonora
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=styria
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scotland
question=['malta' 'maltese' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=hindi
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=chinese
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=russian
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scotland
question=['mexico' 'mexican' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=yugoslav
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=spanish
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovenia
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'switzerland' 'swiss'], predicted=geneva
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=singapore
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'albania' 'albanian'], predicted=albanians
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=vienna
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=portuguese
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=philippines
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scotland
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=macedonian
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'india' 'indian'], predicted=punjabi
question=['moldova' 'moldovan' 'ireland' 'irish'], predicted=scotland
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=spanish
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=russian
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=portuguese
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'chile' 'chilean'], predicted=colombian
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=turkish
question=['netherlands' 'dutch' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=korean
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['norway' 'norwegian' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scotland
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=macedonian
question=['peru' 'peruvian' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['poland' 'polish' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
question=['poland' 'polish' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=russian
question=['poland' 'polish' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['poland' 'polish' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=hungarian
question=['poland' 'polish' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['poland' 'polish' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=serbian
question=['poland' 'polish' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=lithuanian
question=['poland' 'polish' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=chinese
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=spanish
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=german
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=ecuador
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=yugoslav
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['portugal' 'portuguese' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=spanish
question=['russia' 'russian' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
question=['russia' 'russian' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['russia' 'russian' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=hungarian
question=['russia' 'russian' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['russia' 'russian' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=conserve
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=maximilian
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=portuguese
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=chile
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'egypt' 'egyptian'], predicted=nasser
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'england' 'english'], predicted=henry
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=culpability
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=conserve
question=['slovakia' 'slovakian' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=conserve
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=chinese
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'brazil' 'brazilian'], predicted=portuguese
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['spain' 'spanish' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=korean
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=russian
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=hungarian
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scotland
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'greece' 'greek'], predicted=turkish
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=yugoslav
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['sweden' 'swedish' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=hungarian
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'thailand' 'thai'], predicted=indian
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scotland
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'iceland' 'icelandic'], predicted=danish
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['switzerland' 'swiss' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'ukraine' 'ukrainian'], predicted=russian
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'austria' 'austrian'], predicted=polish
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=muay
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'colombia' 'colombian'], predicted=ecuador
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scotland
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'malta' 'maltese'], predicted=latvian
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=bulgarian
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=brazilian
question=['thailand' 'thai' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'argentina' 'argentinean'], predicted=argentine
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'cambodia' 'cambodian'], predicted=khmer
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'england' 'english'], predicted=scotland
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'macedonia' 'macedonian'], predicted=serbian
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'moldova' 'moldovan'], predicted=romanian
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'peru' 'peruvian'], predicted=spanish
question=['ukraine' 'ukrainian' 'slovakia' 'slovakian'], predicted=slovak
