question=['athens' 'greece' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=pudong
question=['athens' 'greece' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=austria
question=['athens' 'greece' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=china
question=['athens' 'greece' 'london' 'england'], predicted=britain
question=['athens' 'greece' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=iraq
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=varig
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=taiwan
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=zealand
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'london' 'england'], predicted=vincendeau
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=alicante
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'moscow' 'russia'], predicted=soviet
question=['baghdad' 'iraq' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['bangkok' 'thailand' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=pontian
question=['beijing' 'china' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=austria
question=['beijing' 'china' 'london' 'england'], predicted=britain
question=['beijing' 'china' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=persia
question=['beijing' 'china' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=pudong
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iran
question=['berlin' 'germany' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=pudong
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=saigon
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=jeddah
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'london' 'england'], predicted=sydney
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=turkey
question=['bern' 'switzerland' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=syria
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=tonkin
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=accords
question=['cairo' 'egypt' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=china
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'london' 'england'], predicted=britain
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=countries
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=asia
question=['canberra' 'australia' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=pudong
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'london' 'england'], predicted=edinburgh
question=['hanoi' 'vietnam' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=azusa
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=jeddah
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'london' 'england'], predicted=britain
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'madrid' 'spain'], predicted=audiencia
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=accords
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=pudong
question=['havana' 'cuba' 'beijing' 'china'], predicted=taiwan
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'london' 'england'], predicted=britain
question=['helsinki' 'finland' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'london' 'england'], predicted=britain
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=iran
question=['islamabad' 'pakistan' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'london' 'england'], predicted=oxford
question=['kabul' 'afghanistan' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=pudong
question=['london' 'england' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=scotia
question=['london' 'england' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=sixtus
question=['london' 'england' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=tudors
question=['london' 'england' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=persia
question=['london' 'england' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=pudong
question=['london' 'england' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=cumbria
question=['london' 'england' 'canberra' 'australia'], predicted=wales
question=['london' 'england' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=ceding
question=['london' 'england' 'kabul' 'afghanistan'], predicted=kandahar
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=turkey
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=turkey
question=['madrid' 'spain' 'london' 'england'], predicted=britain
question=['moscow' 'russia' 'havana' 'cuba'], predicted=spain
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=pakistan
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=persia
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=austria
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=ethiopia
question=['oslo' 'norway' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=china
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'paris' 'france'], predicted=grenoble
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'tehran' 'iran'], predicted=shiga
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'baghdad' 'iraq'], predicted=asia
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=avianca
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'cairo' 'egypt'], predicted=africa
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=philippines
question=['ottawa' 'canada' 'london' 'england'], predicted=manchester
question=['paris' 'france' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=greece
question=['paris' 'france' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=austria
question=['paris' 'france' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=tonkin
question=['rome' 'italy' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=pudong
question=['rome' 'italy' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=tonkin
question=['rome' 'italy' 'london' 'england'], predicted=germany
question=['stockholm' 'sweden' 'bern' 'switzerland'], predicted=austria
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=afghanistan
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'islamabad' 'pakistan'], predicted=iraq
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'london' 'england'], predicted=egypt
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'oslo' 'norway'], predicted=iraq
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'ottawa' 'canada'], predicted=iraq
question=['tehran' 'iran' 'rome' 'italy'], predicted=egypt
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'bangkok' 'thailand'], predicted=china
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'hanoi' 'vietnam'], predicted=china
question=['tokyo' 'japan' 'london' 'england'], predicted=britain
